"I have never written a review on retailer before, but after seeing this top in the store and then seeing how it is depicted online, i felt i had a duty to review it. it is gorgeous! i saw it in the store and tried it on with my mom and we both had a fit over it. the fabric is light pink with a shimmer. the flower detailing is so feminine and soft. the back's closure is just another piece of the beautiful detailing. i left the store and thought i would think about it only because i was trying to be"	1
Like the extra details on the neck and back - and it's versatile to wear everywhere	1
"Really cute version of a sweatshirt. fits true to size through the shoulders and bust line; however, since i am larger in the bust area than the hip, the lower half of the top looks slightly large on my body. the sweatshirt is cut very straight, so it would probably flatter a person with a pear or straight shape. the inside material of the sweatshirt is a little rough; however, the appliquã© design makes this shirt a keeper."	1
"Here's the thing: i ride horses. you would think this would mean i would love this, but the first time it came around, i hesitated simply because i spent too much of my childhood in horse-bedecked things looked overwhelmingly nerdy. but this time, having actually purchased the belted navy birds version, i had to give it a try, and it's kind of a must. there is just something about the way it falls that is super flattering. it's just warm enough to serve as a jacket right now (in new england) but"	1
"Great sweater - very pretty and warm. i would say it fits true to size, but the fit itself/style is just a little roomier - just like on the model. i usually take an xs and the xs fit great. the tag says to dry clean or hand wash in cold. i always wash my wool sweaters in cold water, in a garment bag, on delicate wash and have never had a problem. but, when i did that for this sweater, it shrunk to a size that would fit a 4 year old. the fabric in the arms stuck together, like velcro. very inter"	1
I on the other hand wore these once and boy did they stretch during the day! i really hope they shrink back up...	1
"This is such a classy, elegant and interest piece for your wardrobe. the fabric and cut is lovely and it drapes really nice. i love how it doesn't slide around on your frame when you move and the pockets are awesome - such a fun and practical extra. i thought the arms were a little tricky - but you would see the same issue with any cape style top. the gray is a nice color, but i wish it came in another option - a wine color would be amazing."	1
"Wasn't sure what to expect - but got this on sale, and glad i did. it is much prettier in person. soft and silky. great fit also - and versatile (mix and match)"	1
"For the last few seasons,bordeaux releases this top in different materials and a slight variation, but same off-the-shoulder theme (the winter merino wool version was always sold out as soon as it hit the store). this is my third top in this version. it is very flattering but it must be styled right, which an retailer stylist taught me. it must be turned to the side a bit in order to fit correctly (but not necessarily have to be pulled off-the-shoulder). the bottom hem has to be placed at the uppe"	1
"I tried the b&w one in the store. liked the look and feel of it. fabric is soft and comfortable. for reference, i'm 5'4"" and 115 lbs. this dress runs large. size 0 was too big on me - armhole, waist, length, etc. i'm ordering 0p online, hoping it will fit better. not a huge fan of the black belt, otherwise very happy with the dress."	1
"I look at the top quite a few times before i bought it.  i absolutely love it !  it's a super soft thick cotton material,  it drapes perfectly and wears well."	1
"I fell in love with the dress when i saw it but i was worried about a few things before ordering it. one comment mentioned that the slip underneath was tight in the hips, yet as a size 30 in pants the slip was still fine. the other concern was the length. i was worried that the dress would be very short compared to my height, however, it was a good length in the front and the back was came down longer than the front which helped the overall length. overall, i ordered a size 6 and it fit well in"	1
The jeans are flatering and stylish. they are slightly distressed but will go with anything. the fit is like other pilcro stet pants i've purchased and loved.	1
The picture doesn't do this blouse any justice. the fabric is really nice and the back is really what makes this blouse. the bows down the back of the blouse make it pop!	1
"I don't have anything like it in my closet, really excited to wear it"	1
"The color of this dress is amazing! even though it's not lined, the fabric looks and feels like silk charmeuse and is so light and comfy on your skin. more of a maxi than a midi on me; i'm considering shortening it. elegant and breezy at the same time - love it!"	1
"It's the print that attracted me when i was in the store. it is beautiful, but i fear it demands darker skin and hair. if you have problems with yellow, then don't buy. i don't mind the transparency of the fabric because it is not noticeable if you wear a flesh colored cami underneath. because the fabric is light and the shape boxy, it is meant to be flowing, so i purchased my regular size. if you have small breasts you would probably prefer a smaller size. i only wish the blouse had been a litt"	1
"It has been a long cold winter and spring...but it is going to get hot! and this is a perfect dress for july. i tried this on and did not feel the need for a slip or a cami, yes, it is lightweight, no, i would not consider it for work, but when it gets hot in the summer, i feel like this will be a perfect slip on and go dress for days or casual evenings. i wear a 12, and the medium fit perfectly i considered ordering the small, since i had some extra space, but again, it is going to get hot,"	1
Hands-down one of the more comfortable shirts i've purchased from retailer.	1
These jeans have become my new favorite pair! i bought two pairs during the clearance sale and wear them often. i love the metallic accents near the front pockets and the dark wash can be dressed up or down.	1
"I love the feel and quality of this sweatshirt. however, because of the embroidery/lace detail on the shoulders, it makes it a little stiff so the shoulders look slightly boxy."	1
"I ordered this dress in size xl in the grey/red/yellow combination. i love everything about this dress. it's comfortable. the colors are cheerful. the proportions of where the stripes are placed works. but, i have to return this dress. it's too short for what i'm comfortable wearing. i saw from the photos that this comes mid-thigh on the taller models. i hoped that would mean it would be more knee-length for me. unfortunately, it's just too short and i'd feel self-conscious. i don't want to deal"	1
"I love hd paris styles & this jumpsuit appealed to me online so i ordered a 6p. i am usually a 4 or 6 in regular sizes at retailer. i decided the regular size may be too long & too much fabric for me. i am 5'3"", 118#, 36c. it was easy to slip into it, zip up the back & tie the black ribbon in the back. it doesn't say in the 'details' that it has a built-in bra which is a good feature. the bra cups are a little small on me but not a deal-breaker. the length is fine falling just above my ankles. i j"	1
"I love this sweater, it's so soft, and it seems to mold to my body more every time i wear it. it runs true to size, but i have noticed that as i wear it more and more, it seems to stretch a little. overall, i am very happy with it and would definitely recommend it!"	1
"This is my favorite dress i've bought in the past year! it is super flattering and can be worn for work or casual wear. the fabric is soft and comfortable. can't wait till the weather gets warmer so i can start wearing it regularly!  i'm 5'5 145lbs, 37-29-39. i got the medium petite and it fits perfectly!"	1
This is a great dress; good quality fabric. the pattern & color are spot on. the silhouette is divine & would work on many body types. i also love the length!	1
"Overall, this swimsuit is what i needed and have been looking for. i normally wear bikinis but i needed a one piece, and i wanted something unique and different. i ordered the chevron print, and i do love the colors and ""retro"" look of the swimsuit. if i could change a couple of things, i would have the legs and booty slightly more high cut -- but not much. and i might have wanted the option to take off some, if not all, of the straps. other than that, i do love it...and i doubt that anyone else"	1
I ordered this in size xl and it is a perfect top. the draping is very flattering to my shape. the material is soft and the flowers/colors are appropriate for work. it's the perfect length too. i love everything about the cut of this top. the pattern will vary on each since the flowers are staggered. i love the knot effect along the waist. great purchase. hope this style will continue to be used for other tops in other patterns/colors for spring/summer timeframe. these are a little too dark/heav	1
"This is an amazing sweater. thick but not overly thick, the material is beautiful and the colors rich, i love the collar and the way it closes as well as the pockets and the back being different from the front. i hope it washes well. i bought the moss. it fits nicely and is very slimming. i highly recommend."	1
"Every time i turned around received another complement! it was perfect for a december wedding, great for a holiday party, and fit the bill for christmas eve. very comfortable and slimming. i'm still amazed at the number of complements received! the navy blue lace is elegant and comfortable, not scratchy like some lace. the ""v"" in back of the jumpsuit makes it easy to zip and unzip, i have some some imitations and thought i might have a problem zipping up the jumpsuit. not a problem! absolutely a"	1
I love this tank! basic but super sexy! i'm an a cub and this tee makes them look a lil bigger so i'll take it!! i bought the dark grey in small and went back for the striped grey and purchased small. i bought the black one too but i feel like the small in black is too big and the xsmall is too small. i'm torn because i want the black to tuck in a pencil skirt.	1
"Great causal tank! the back is a bitter longer than the front - i'm 5'6"" and the back-model shot was right on for where it his me at the hip/butt. the material is a poly/spandex/rayon mix that feels predominately like polyester and rayon and has a little bit of give.   i go between a medium and small in most retailer tanks and like to achieve a look that is somewhere in between form-fitting and flowy (quick stats - 130 lbs, 34c) and the small was perfect without being too tight across the chest."	1
"This is a lovely dress, the shape is really flattering and it's light and easy to wear. the only problem i have is it runs a little big - i'm normally a 6-8 and i'm sizing down to a 4. otherwise it's pretty perfect, the length is good for taller women (i'm 5'11"") and the bodice is sturdy enough that smaller cup sizes won't need a bra. definitely recommend this!"	1
"I love this dress. will be wearing it for the first time tomorrow. it fits well. the neck line is a bit low on me. i think it would look best on someone with more of a chest than i have. i will be wearing a winter white infinity scarf with it (as shown on model). i am 5' 6.5"" and 120 lbs and the small is just right."	1
"This is a beautifu;l dress. unfortunately it runs extremely large. i wear sized 10-12 and ordered l. i was lost in all the material. but because i love this dress so much, i am taking a chance and ordered it in small."	1
"I love this dress! it is amazingly comfortable and flattering (i would think to many body types). i have a more athletic, petite body build and this dress gives me great curves. i have already received so many compliments while wearing it out! the best part is, i can wear it to work (i'm a teacher), and then wear it out by easily dressing it up."	1
"I am 6ft tall and wear a size 12 bottom. i ordered these in a large because i wanted the length to be as long as possible and they were perfect.   i have a 36 in inseam and these pants drug on the floor.   i could even wear my wedges with them and they were still beautifully long and drapey.  i bought the silver color and it was definitely more of a khaki.  i probably could have easily worn a medium, as i did have to pull them up when i walked throughout the day.  this may be because of the stre"	1
"I purchased this blouse in the kelly green the other day and i love it. the color is beautiful and i like how it hangs/flows- especially the sleeves. it's not warm enough to wear by itself when it's really cold but would be beautiful layered with a cardigan in the winter months and by its own when it's warmer. looks great with skinny jeans, flares and just about anything including the right skirt. i'm so happy i purchased this!!"	1
"I was so excited to order this dress; however, once it arrived, i realized that the fit doesn't work for me. i carry my weight in my stomach and backside, and the dress clung to my trouble areas."	1
"I ordered the black and white shirt thinking it was polka dots, but turned out to be stars instead which was even cuter. fits true to size and is very soft and comfortable. my first thought after trying it on was that i should have ordered another one!"	1
"This skirt is a nice medium weight and is lined. my normal size 4 fit perfect. i only wish it was available in petites. if you are petite, the skirt is ankle length. but this is a good skirt to wear to work."	1
"Beautiful dress, can be dressed up or down. runs just a bit large, but if i had sized down it would have been too tight in the bust (38d). i normally wear a medium and the medium was perfect in the chest. the color is absolutely gorgeous and i love the length - i don't like dresses that show my knees. my only complaint is that a dress that is this expensive even on sale should have better quality control. mine made it to me without a button at the the back. not a huge deal, but it won't be easy"	1
The concept of this sweater is really pretty. my usual size xl fit perfectly; not tight or too loose. the color of the sweater is not like the photo; there is a lot more of a brown tone. by putting the sweater on and taking it off i must have torn a hole because there is a 1 1/2 inch tear in the front where the peplum bottom panel has been felted to the body of the sweater. it literally pulled apart where the two fabrics meet. the other issue i have with the sweater is the area where the front a	1
"Being six feet tall, i'm always combing reviews for the opinions of other tall women, and i'm glad i did on this one! with the off the shoulder look, you can sometimes gain extra length, and it's true in this case. i stayed tts because of length issues, and while it is billowy, it's not horribly so. i would think, however, if you're between sizes, or not worried about height, i'd go with the smaller option. adorable, comfy, casual while being dressy enough for a night out!"	1
I love this jacket. it's easy to dress up or be casual. the black is more like a very dark grey.	1
"These are very cute but very, very stiff. have washed 3x and still not relaxing. not a bad thing but they are a little uncomfortable the first hour of wear. my waist is smaller and generally, have gap in waist to get fit right in hips. super cute with sandals, mules, duck boots."	1
"This sweater is very warm yet light. the pink color is very cute, and the buttons are detailed very nicely! it hangs a bit low under the arms, and definitely tightens at the wrist. i ordered the xs size, and i find that i am unable to push the sleeves up. this is so beautiful and has a subtle uniqueness."	1
Very cute top and so comfortable! it runs big i'm between a medium and large. i ordered the large and it's definitely a little big but wearable. i probably should've swapped it for a medium but it's still really cute!	1
I'm super happy with the way these jeans fit. i typically buy ag jeans for fit and quality. this pair is extremely comfy with the right amount of stretch yet still somewhat relaxed. they do run a big large so i sized down and they still fit great... lots of compliments!	1
I really like this sweater. i would suggest ordering a size up. i could had worn my normal size but a size up was much more comfortable. i have a burnt orange skirt that i wear with this and it makes the flowers pop.	1
Comfortable fabric and beautiful print! light enough for the summer but is also great for fall.	1
Adorable with black pants or jeans. covers the part of your arm you might want covered :-)	1
I just bought this shirt on sale. i'd been eyeing it for a bit and when it went on sale i had to get it. its really cute and comfortable and fits really nicely. it's not too short or boxy and the detail on the sleeves is great.	1
I love this top. i'm wearing it today. i bought it to wear under blazers and it works perfectly. i knew it would be slim fitting and while i normally buy med or sometimes small i bought the large and i'm glad i did. it's still form fitting without strangling me the color is very nice as well. nice fabric and well made. a great layering basic.	1
"This dress is beautiful and surprisingly flattering. i never would've picked this up for myself, but i'm so glad i did. it's also super comfortable."	1
"I bought the ivory in my usual size xs and the fit is flattering and quality is good. it is a good weight for spring, summer and fall. i love that it is a natural cotton/linen blend. the turquoise was not available in my size initially but when it restocked for a short time i ordered it, also! i know i won't be disappointed. beautiful sweater with great details."	1
"Beautiful print and a flattering cut. however, the proportions are off. based on other reviews, i ordered a petite (i am 5'4"" and don't normally need a petite cut). i also ordered a size down. even the 0 petite requires that i wear 3-4 inch wedges and pin the top in the back to keep it in place. i am going to take it to a tailor to have the hem shortened and the top sleeves adjusted...then maybe the v neck won't be almost to my belly button."	1
"I love this top. the wine color is beautiful, the fabric is soft, the details are pretty, and it fits perfectly. it is long, and will likely look best with leggings or skinny pants and boots."	1
"Soft very forgiving and flattering top, wish it was not so pricey"	1
I really like the warmth and loose cut of this sweater. it is great for layering and looks nice dressed up or down. my only gripe is i would love for it to have a second fastening. if it had another snap a little further down the body you keep keep it more securely closed. other than that it was a really great purchase.	1
This shirt is really quite cute. it can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. it's also forgiving and quite flattering. my only concern is that it is a bit see through in certain lighting but it is very subtle. i definitely would recommend.	1
"This is silly, but the moss is not brown as pictured but olive green. with that ""said,"" i am going more casual, and i love the ""flex"" of this coat. the shape is beautiful and the lining is fun. i waited two months to get this in close to my size 00. for my style it is a keeper, but this back order situation is not acceptable. don't know whose fault that is?"	1
"Loved pattern,  quality and fine details on this dress but  it ran large. i ordered petite small and it was way too loose/baggy .i had to return it.  i went bsck to order a petite x/small, but it was no longer available in this size on- line. so disappointed!   fyi ,  i'm 5' , 112-115lbs and small boned -always wear size petite small . but not fir this dress!   this dress is comfortable , well made, lined and pattern is extremely pretty with nice border ( which is hard to find for petites -a"	1
Loved this tee but embroidery started to unravel even before being washed. i paid full price for this top and wasn't disappointed but needed to return due to the embroidery problem. this tee is a mustard color.	1
"Love this! perfect in the summer with bright, strappy heels or sandals or booties in the winter."	1
I have these pants in navy and they're amazing! i cuff the hem in half and they look like joggers. they're ridiculously comfortable and tts but are not very thick so i'm pretty sure ivory would be see through; especially if you wear them during practice.	1
"When i first saw this dress i was in love. i adore mexican print clothing and i couldn't wait to try this on. unfortunately, it is not as described, and it looks better in the photo than in person. the dress looks like it is embroidered, and it is not- the design is printed. second, it is described as a stretch fabric-lycra spandex-there was no stretch at all except for the back waist which was elastic and the fabric was very stiff. it pulls on over your head and there is no zipper. i couldn't e"	1
"Looks exactly as it does in the pictures. very comfortable, loose flowing, and has a slip underneath it. i'm personally a little hesitant to buy clothes online because it's always a guessing game when it comes to figuring out what size. with that, i have wide hips/big thighs so i tend to vary between medium and large, but thankfully the medium fits like a glove!"	1
"These culottes are fun. i bought the neutral color with the black stripes in xs. in my opinion, they run big. i am usually a small (4-6), 31"" waist, 38"" hips. pleats at the hip and low waist area are not always my friend, but with a longer tank or shirt, they looked fine. the fabric moves in a graceful way and these culottes can be dressed up or down. so far, wrinkling isn't a huge problem but we'll see. i am 5' 9"" tall and these fall about the same place on the model--mid calf. they looked grea"	1
"Picture says the model is 5'10, i am 5'8. the dress hit me shorter on my leg than it did on the model. i loved everything about this dress, it did run a little snug so i was between a small and an extra small. i can't wear mid thigh dresses to work? so i am sadly returning the dress."	1
"I bought this dress to wear as a casual summer staple. i like classic things with a twist, and this fits the bill. it is nice quality, and the colors are vivid. it is slightly tight in the bust line for me, but it is not retailer's fault that i am a bit too busty for this dress. i'll deal with it. otherwise, the dress is nice quality, and will come in handy throughout summer. the price is right, so grab it!!"	1
"I am 5'7"" and wanted a swing type of dress that wasn't too short to be too young or too long to look frumpy and this fits perfect. it's very comfortable. it has nice quality in the fabric... not all polyester like many of the swing dresses out now.   it's a bit longer in the back and has a very ethereal quality without being childlike. it's pretty, the sleeves are long enough and the elastic fits well. no pinching. i can wear a full bra with it and both boots and super sexy heels look great wi"	1
"I bought this dress tonight and i love it! the fit is perfect and the color is perfect! the dress runs true to size, as all dolan products do. i ill wear this dress to an interview with tall heel boots. love this dress and think everyone should give it a try!"	1
"Just recd the neutral & navy in the size s, my usual size in tops at retailer. just a heads up - it's way oversized under the arms. in the fashion world probably falls under the category of a dolman style sleeve. also the fabric is nubby like/pilled look. similar fabric is the 'warm-up pullover' that i recently saw at the store. i have a feeling this may be a new trend. if you are ok w/ the oversized underarms & nubby fabric then order up. if hesitant, wait & visit the store... i love the look of"	1
"This is very cute, but i will have to size up my large to extra large. and normally i wear a medium or large. it is quite tight as a large. it looks a lot cuter on the model. so i am hoping the extra large does it."	1
This caught my eye straight away and it hasn't disappointed on either. really unique and i imagine it will suit many different occasions. high quality and slimming vertical stripes too.	1
"I wish i had sized up on this one. you can't tell from the photo, but has kind of a weird taper thing where the sides are shorter than the back. the back is extremely flatteringly, but the front... not so much. the shorter sides are a little awkward. there is no attached way to fasten this cardigan, and it lays kind of strange. the material is a medium thickness and i think will be very versatile. very soft, of course. i got the blue/ teal color. i found the color to be true to the color on-line"	1
"Love this dress. i bought is for a tropic vacation my husband and i went on and it was great. i got so many compliments while wearing it, and it was comfortable! dress is a little roomy in the top, but not enough to prevent me from wearing it. i ordered a medium."	1
"I'm pregnant (2nd trimester) and really wanted a beautiful, non-maternity dress. i got this in ivory and it's just perfect. the lace on the sleeves is really comfortable, i love the fit, and i love the length. i got tons of compliments on it. my only regret is that i didn't also get it in slate and i really wishing it would get re-stocked."	1
"I saw someone try this on when it was 40% off sale, and should ahve purcahsed it then... ended up going back today for it. it is very soft, adn flattering. also, i purchased the balck, this can go with pretty much anything: jeans, skirts, dresses, you name it - very neutral and flattering fit. nto sure if petite would have worked but too late anyway."	1
I am very self conscience of my tummy and this covers it up without being too baggy! there is plenty of room. i originally bought a small then went to an extra small then went back to a small. i wear a small in most things. great nicer looking tee!	1
This is a classic! not only is it reminiscent of a fun 60's swing dress but the perforated outer layer over a solid shift creates this modern edge to a reto style!!! love it!	1
"Love, love this dress! the fit is perfect, the cut is feminine and flirty but not too showy and bare. there is the perfect amount of swing and it's a great length, i can't say enough about it. i think it's worth the price, which i have to admit, i was hesitant about. so comfortable and versatile! i see it being worn quite often! keep dresses like this coming! btw, the neck line is flattering on every body type! for reference, i'm 5'3"" and weigh 110 lbs and i purchased a size 2, but i think a"	1
I really love this top. it looks so sweet and beautiful and is perfect for dressing up a pair of jeans. if you are on the short size it may be a little long so keep that in mind. i love it!	1
"I love this dress! i was apprehensive about it at first, because of the light material and boxy style. turns out the material is very flattering, and it hangs very well. the style isn't as boxy as it seems. it still flatters the figure without showing all your imperfections and it doesn't fit like a tent. i am 5'4"" and i ordered the petite. it's short enough to show off you legs, but not too short. for being less fitting, i like the balance of the short length, and it looks great with heeled boo"	1
Most of my jeans are ag. love the ankle length and wash on these. not too distressed either. tts. really soft denim! size 27 like my other ag's	1
"This is a very flattering / soft sweater. the pockets make it so much cuter & do not make me look ""thick"". highly recommend!"	1
"This dress is adorable. i found it to be true to size, but i do have a small bust so perhaps that helped with the sizing issue the other reviewer encountered. i love the embroidery throughout, it beautifully constructed and feels lush. i'm 5'9"" and the dress falls to my ankles, but that's ok because it will look beautiful with heels or flats. i love the dress and cant wait to wear but gave it a 4-star rating because of the side zipper. it is extremely hard to zip up past your waist because of th"	1
"I was eyeing this one for a while. based on the style and other reviews, i did order one size up. i think it would have been too small [catch on the hips] in my regular size. i do wish it was a little longer, too. the back is fine because it's longer. it's definitely wearable though. i wouldn't recommend it for a work function if you're a bit taller. despite all of that, i really do like dress. it's a new favorite. i ordered the blue --- love the dot pattern. i wore it with brown booties and it"	1
"Other reviews are right, it is a little short in front. but it's such an adorable dress that i don't care! i love the material. super soft."	1
This blouse is so pretty! i love the neck tie which gives it interest and won't look boring on it's own. i'll wear this all-year round. i ordered an xxs which fits perfect.	1
This dress is so cute and comfortable. i'm normally a 0 or 2 and the xs is plenty roomy even though this is a clingy knit. the nice cotton under slip hides all the bumps and bulges. only worry is whether or not the loose weave will pick and how it will clean but so far i am thrilled.	1
"Love, love, love this dress! the color is a beautiful blue grey, and the peach embroidery has just a tiny bit of sparkle. can be dressed up or down."	1
"I'm not sure why this dress has such bad online reviews because i absolutely love it! it fit tts for me, but i have a large bust so will run big if you are smaller on top. i don't like paying full price usually, but the quality and beauty of this dress justified it! if you are into prints and colors, you will definitely be able to pull it off :)"	1
I love the coral color! allows me to add color to my neutral wardrobe! very flattering!!! i get a lot of compliments on them!	1
"I liked this shirt so much i ordered a second one online in the same size but different color. unfortunately the second one is much shorter than the first and looks less like a tunic or more like a cropped flowy top - not a good look. so the second one is going back. otherwise the shirt would get 5 stars. washes well, super soft and comfy, and looks great with all kinds of bottoms...jeans, cords, leggings. wish it came in more colors. i typically wear a m or l in retailer tops and took the l in th"	1
"These jeans fit true to size, and they look amazing. i wear a 26 and have an athletic build, and they look great everywhere! i love how they look with sandals."	1
"These pants are super flattering. they can be worn to work or on the weekend dressed up or down. they are slimming and fit very nicely. my only complaint is that they start to look worn, the black fades, as you wash them over time. please don't stop carrying them!!"	1
"I bought all 3 colors and couldn't be happier. love the cut, fabric, and colors. the fabric is light enough to wear in the hot summer of charleston, sc but not so light that you can see thru it. i love flowing tops in the summer that don't stick to you and this cut does that and is flattering as well. i've already work with shorts and a skirt. both looked great. easy to accessorize."	1
Was looking for a layering tunic and this does the job. it's very long and i'm 5'11 and this covers to my mid thigh. the arms are very tight but stretched after a while and the material is thin. i like the button details and the olive color are a nice break from black and white. white might be see-through.	1
"Nice light weight fabric, drapes well.  awesome detailing.  have worn twice already with lots of compliments."	1
"This is a cute top, especially the material design. i like tops that go over my bottom and this does. if i had a problem it is with the sizing. the fact that it was only online so i could not try it on made it difficult to know really what size to get. some reviews said it was true to size and others said go down a size. i did go down a size but it still hangs a little big. but i still love the overall look. i am also petite which is what i ordered."	1
"Nice vest, pretty olive color, hangs nice but...its just kinda funny. just hangs and really looks odd when tied. i like the laying piece just wished it had more ""umph""."	1
This top reminds me of something out of the 40's. it is super comfortable and just makes a very clean look	1
"I love how soft, and substantial the fabric is. the fabric has a nice weight and drapes beautifully. the ruffle detail is very flattering. i have broad shoulders and this top looks great."	1
"This vest is a stunner! the dark brown suede is so beautiful. the bronze grommets on the front are a perfect enhancement to the vest. it's hard to see in the picture but the stitching is also top notch. yes, it is a little pricey but it's an investment piece that you will wear and not only get a ton of compliments but feel special when wearing it too. it's a keeper!!!"	1
"These are very nice pants. good quality and as expected. however, they do run small. i generally wear a small or size 4, sometimes a 2 depending on the maker. on average a 4. these i measured were 0 to 2 sizing. sending back and going a size up."	1
"Ok, so the shirt is ""dry clean only"", however, i like it so much that i'm not going to knock out a star in the rating. the quality is really nice and it was not too short for me ------ i could reach up without worrying my stomach would be exposed. i'm 5'6"", 36c and 125 lbs, and the size 6 was perfect. wonderful for work and also great with jeans. i know it's a little pricy, but it's cute and unique --- plus right now it's 25% cheaper."	1
"This cropped trouser is very high quality and perfect for summer. i ordered my usual size petite 4 (i am 5'2"" 115 lb) and i felt a little tight but since other previous reviews said they do stretch after wearing it, i decided to keep it. i hope they stretch out a little bit more. overall, i am very happy with my purchase."	1
"I ordered these for store pick up and loved the color (red ones). the fit in petite ws nice and flattering, but iwould have to wear them with ehels still. th reason i didn't keep them is perhpas the pocket placement in front didn't flatter me as well? i think maybe i will order when on sale, or find a similar style with different frnt pockets."	1
"I bought this top to wear this fall, and it does not disappoint. it's a heavier light knit and the pattern is subtle but really pretty. i ordered a size smaller than i usually wear so that i can wear it on or off the shoulder, making this great for work."	1
I saw this online and thought it was so pretty--so i ordered a large even though i'm usually a medium in retailer shirts. i thought i might need the extra room to layer. i was in the store returning something and they had a medium and a large so i tried both and the large was way too big in my shoulders and chest even with a sweater! the medium was a little tight in my hips-but still fit. overall the medium was more flattering on me. so i recommend ordering your regular size. it is such a pretty v	1
"It runs large but thats okay, its great quality and super super soft! i love the way it makes you feel so comfortable. very disappointed the clip fell off."	1
"I fell in love with this top when i tried it on at the store. it's a great fall piece. it is see-through around the bust, so a nude bra or any color camisole would have to be worn. my only thing is that it seems a little dressy, so i'm wondering how much i'll wear it. i work from home so everything has to be somewhat casual. so, i do recommend it, but i'm undecided as to if i'm going to keep it. for reference, i'm a 34d with a thin upper body and took a size medium."	1
"This is a beautiful and super soft cashmere sweater. i found it to run large, so thankfully i ordered one size down, which was perfect. i'm normally xs, but the xxs was very flattering, still loose and casual, but fitted in the waist and arms. it is longer in length and hit mid to lower hip on my petite frame. the regular was fine, but a petite would probably be great. the sleeves are nice and long and have a pretty lace stitch detail. the cowl is nice, not too overwhelming. this is so soft and"	1
"This dress is much better irl than pictured. when i saw it online i thought it looked very frumpy, but i tried it on in store and loved it. it's a perfectly draped shirt dress, and it ties to define the waist. a classic!"	1
"Love the style of this sweater and it just happens to be warm, too!"	1
I have several pilcro jeans in a size 26 that fit great but these ended up being just a little bit too tight in the thigh area to make the style of the jeans looks right. going to return for a larger size. nice material though!	1
"When i saw another shopper holding up this dress for assessment in my local retailer store, i knew i had to have it! i bought it in the red color and it is gorgeous. the fit was perfect...very flattering style. it can be dressed up or down depending on shoes and jewelry, or boots and a scarf! the detail of the scalloped v in the back is a beautiful addition. perfect for the holidays or even dinner out with friends! beautiful dress!"	1
I was tempted to get this online but just wasn't sure i wanted to buy even with the sale because i only wear dresses to the knee and didn't know how this would look with leggings or jeans. i tried it on in the store the next day and it was so cute! there are long skinny black tassels in the front that you can't really see in the online pics that i love. it looks great with my skinny jeans with tears or black leggings and boots. i even have some cute leggings just past the knee that this looks aw	1
I bought this shirt along with a matching vest and duster........love it!	1
"I've been wanting to buy a romper that was easy to wear and take off and i like this one for many reasons. the elastic waist ""holds"" the romper in place when you take the top off, the top comes off easily bc it's a halter and the design is very chic and sophisticated. the only down side is the tie is really heavy if you tie it in the back. it's better to tie it in the front like the model in this picture. it is a bit long (comes down to my ankles) but looks good with heels."	1
"This is a great dress that i wear to work, but would also wear to a cocktail party or wedding. it rides up a tiny but, but is long enough that i feel completely comfortable. it is tiny up top so i'd recommend ordering up if you have any chest - i'm 5'4"", 100lbs, bra size 32b and it was a two-person job to get the bodice zipped."	1
"Love the natural fabric blend and the natural style, also the unique color of the taupe. i am a size 4 to 6, and the small fit great. if you prefer a more fitted look, could probably size down."	1
"Just buy this dress! the slip, the hem, the print. everything about it!!"	1
"Absolutely lovely dress, in a gorgeous color, drapes well. the perfect blend of pretty and sexy. so much more beautiful in person!"	1
"I love this blouse. the lace panels are slightly sheer, but nothing inappropriate. the solid fabric is a lovely sort of heavy crepe. stunning bright cobalt blue color. i'm an xl in retailer and this top fit well in xl; ever so slightly snug at one part on the sleeve but nothing noticeable or uncomfortable. be aware, this did bleed blue when it was soaking and it did drip blue water while it was air drying on the hanger. while this blouse is still wet i would stretch out the sides and sleeves to ge"	1
"The dress is gorgeous, material is soft, great design! but runs at least one size small and very long. i'm 5'3 and even with 4 in heels it's way to long. alteration needed"	1
Love love love this jumpsuit. i can't wait to wear it in the tx summer. it is super fun and elegant. you can dress it up or keep it casual. i am 5'9 155 and wear a 10. it laying quite nicely and doesn't require you to wear heels with it.	1
The details on this are beautiful. i love the gold thread and white beads. i thought the medium fit too large and got the small. it seems to fit really well. so you might want to size down one size. the only thing that seems a bit off it the length. it's pretty long.	1
"Don't be put off by the sparkle! this jacket is amazing. lovely detail with the print on print with the sequined patches. i love this retailer in house brand, elevenses. i take a medium in this brand( 8/10) and the medium fits full with room like a bomber style would offer. i had tried a small in my local store and it was not a small -small so if you want a tighter fit then go for a small. but i like thinks to have a more fluid feel. i have a 34 dd chest as reference. i plan to wear this in spring"	1
"I tend to go back and forth between small and xs and i""m glad i got the xs... its great and still flow and not huge. to wear alone you need a strapless but i am happy it has adjustable straps. the lace on the back is fabulous snd the colors in this are so lovely! it has olive green and deep orange, two of my fall favs! i wore with my level 99 deep orange linen pants and an olive green little jacket over it. would also be lovely with jeans and booties... a creamy cardigan or a little blazer. i th"	1
I can't say enough about this jumpsuit. within 1 hour of wearing this shopping i had 4 compliments from strangers.   it is flattering. pretty. soft. comfortable. love love love	1
The dress does run large. i'm 5'4 and 135 and the xs fit great. it's a very comfortable summer dress. have had many compliments on it.	1
"The textured marled stripes on this top are so soft and give this pullover the edge it needs. a few people have asked me where i bought this from and i've only worn it twice. fits like the photo- i'm 5'2"" 115lbs and bought the xs."	1
Quality assembled;comfortable and stylish with 2-tone fabric; wash w/o shrinkage;pair with every rainbow color. nice alternative to jean days.	1
This is a lovely sweater but i wished i had ordered the xs (only the small was left).	1
"These are not only comfortable, but so cute. they are something you don't see on everyone else, and people always comment. i get so many compliments or inquiries every time i have them on. the materiel is lightweight and flowing. i love these casual, beautiful beach pants. i got a small, my usual size and they fit great. 5'3'"", 130 lb.s. i wear tee shirts, bathing tops, coobies, any kind of top looks swell. get them while you can. i got the peach and black color."	1
"Tried this one because the ruffled detailing at the collar and sleeves appealed to me, as well at the cute button details along the back and the overall color and look of it. _____________ pros: - love the ruffle trim along the collar, bottom, and wrists. it gives it a really romantic feel to it. - a definite winter piece. it's extremely warm and very thick and heavy, which i found covered any lumps and bumps nicely. - ran tts. i'm 5'9"", 36c, hourglass, and 170 lbs and tried on the medium and fo"	1
"Beautiful color, great style/design. only drawback is it's not as soft as other cashmere i've purchased...got the xs and the fit is perfect!"	1
I got this dress in neutral motif. looks very cute and the size is perfect.	1
Oh yes. another sequin top to add to my collection. it is sparkly without being glittery- if you know what i mean. can definitely dress down as it is tee shirt- like. lots of options for this one. tts.  much better in person than the online pics.	1
"I haven't worn a pair of levis in ages, and had forgotten how great they are. i have recently lost weight and i have to say they are very flattering. i wasn't sure at first how i would ilike the frayed hems, but they are growing on me."	1
"Is this dress ever flattering! i have seen many variations of this kind of dress-some where they will kris-cross over the breast area, some where they will have a single twist-but i never have seen one like this with a double twist and oh, what a difference it makes. i particularly love this in blue-which was a very bright royal color in-store. i am not very chesty, so the accenting in that area is very flattering on me and made me fall in love."	1
I bought this tunic for my mom as a birthday gift. it is very good quality and will look cute for fall too.	1
"I was a little hesitant when i ordered this dress, but needed something for my husband's company dinner. this dress is perfection! i'm 5'9"", about 160 (i got it in medium), definitely on the curvier side and this dress hugged all my curves in the right places! love the ruching, hides all the imperfections. the color is gorgeous, paired it with a black cardigan and black heeled shooties, got so many compliments! on a plus side, my husband couldn't keep his hands off me all night, kept going on an"	1
"Tried this dress on in a s and it fit very nicely.  it's a very unique dress and i loved it, but i just didn't know where i would wear it!"	1
"This jacket is a great fit and feels like a nice, comfortable addition to a professional/work wardrobe. it is very lightweight and fits somewhat loosely. i am 5""7 and 125 lbs and the small fits nicely. the only con is that there is not a way to secure down the top payer of the wrap )no snap, button, etc.)."	1
"I love the colors, my favorite. purchased a medium and fits perfectly. i've been wearing it all summer. material is thin but super soft. for reference i am 5'8"" 145 lbs 32dd. i'm obsessed with this tank. considering buying a second just in case anything happens to the one i have, that's how much i love this tank."	1
This product i better than the pic. nice fit and a nice throw on with boots nap glad i took a chance one it	1
I pair this jacket with a black pencil skirt and it looks very put together. the embroidery is lovely and well done but the jacket would have been nicer with a polyester lining because it clings a little when you put it on. and it's an awfully heavy jacket for the summer. but overall i love it and how i look in it.  i think it runs true to size.	1
"I already have this in white. i wear it all the time and get tons of compliments because it's so unusual. the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because my white one is a large petite and this one was not available in petite (i bought a m). i'm 5'2"", 135lbs and am a little thick in the middle so the large petite gave me that extra room. this material is stretchy though so i am able to kind of pull on the sides to widen it a bit. i put it in the dryer and it shrunk a little in length too. th"	1
I almost never buy full price but i did with this skirt.  it is adorable! saw it in the store.  it is too short to wear to work but is fine for casual wear.  i am a size 14 but the largest one they had was a 12 and it fit perfectly.  i&#39;d size down. the fabric is stiff and the a-line stands out.  colors are southwesternish.  can be worn with any color top.  i bought a cream colored top to wear with it (that was on the sale rack) but i'm sure there are plenty things in the closet that will go.	1
"When you order online, you can't always be sure of the quality or sizing you will get. like the other reviewers, i found this piece to be beautiful and well made. it's made from rayon and not sheer. the coral, cream, green, and light gray flowers really pop against the black fabric. this piece is meant to be swingy and loose. however, i started with a large but exchanged for a medium. it still feels a little loose so if you're undecided about sizes, order down."	1
"This is a lovely sweater - the ""moss"" color however is really camel, which is what the photo indicates. it fits tts, is all cashmere, and is knit in a brioche stitch that gives it loft and texture that can be seen well in the detail photo. i am generally not a fan of raglan sleeves but in this case it works with the overall construction of the sweater - one that features interesting decreases, lines, and angles. it is very soft, warm, and lightweight, and can be worn as a casual piece or dressed"	1
"This is a beautiful dress! i love the patterns, the beading and the texture. however, i have returned it (size medium - my usual size) and asked for an exchange up to a large (fingers crossed it will be available!) because the shoulders are very narrow. i am fairly tall (5'8"") with an athletic build. the body fit was a bit tighter than i expected also but not really an issue. however, the shoulders were obviously tight making it look too small and uncomfortable. yikes! i sooooo love this dress a"	1
"I have bought several tees by t.la and this one is really cute. i bought it in the blue stripe size xs. it runs slightly larger than most in that size, but it will probably shrink a little. it's not overly baggy, just comfy fit. i like the colors in this top and will wear it often with shorts or jeans. the fabric is thin so i'm not sure how long it will last, but until then it will be a keeper in my closet!"	1
"These pants are so great. very comfortable, true to size, and i can see myself wearing these all spring and summer. i'm 5'1, 120 lbs, and my usual 26 petite fit great. these would also make excellent travel pants. i purchased the green color, and will be purchasing the tan color once i get done writing this review."	1
"I bought the purple motif in size medium, my regular retailer size. the fit is true to size. the knit is soft and comfortable. this top can be dressed up or worn casually. it is a great all-around basic top for summer."	1
"I just got this in the mail today. it's really cute when i put it on, but it's definitely meant to be worn slightly off the shoulders like the model is showing. i was hoping i could wear it both ways, but then the v-neck becomes way too low. i would recommend sizing down unless you're bigger busted. however, the torso is cut very true to size which might make it hard for some to size down without it becoming too small. a larger bust might help to keep this from falling off the shoulders. i'm not"	1
"I saw this online and loved it. i wanted to wait for a sale and a promotion, but this tee-shirt sold out in the color holly. completely sold out but for petite. i bought a s and a m. the small works. it is comfortable. it can be dressy or very casual. i bought the white and the carbon. it is a different style on a tee. if you notice the front neck and the bottom of the back you will see what i mean. i recommend this highly. i can't imagine anyone not liking it."	1
I read the mixed reviews on this tee but i think the fit is flattering and comfortable. i sized down as i do in many retailer tops and it is fitted in the shoulder and chest and then widens away at the waist. the length hits me at the hip--i have worn it layered with a longer tank underneath.	1
"I ordered this in the white in my usual size 26, and these were too big on me (5'5"", 110lbs). the pants bunched up unattractively around my thighs because they were not form-fitting. i am hoping to exchange for the size 25 because i prefer a tighter fit. the style of the pants were very cute. i like the side slit detail and the cropped look. i'm hoping these pants work out for me in the smaller size."	1
"I love this tank! its something you can dress up with a skirt, or wear over jeans. i like loose fitting tops, although i have a slender frame. this is also so comfortable. i went with a size medium, and it fits perfect."	1
"I'm surprised i'm the first to review this dress! it is a must for the holidays and any special occasion! it is absolutely gorgeous! it is so feminine and seductive; it's one of those dresses that would be stunning on anyone! it is a quality dress, beautifully made, looks just like the photo. i'm 5'9"" & the hemline falls at the top of my knees. the neckline is exquisite & really ""makes"" the dress. i purchased the black version but if i was younger i'd get it in red as it would garner quite a bit"	1
"This dress is everything i imagined it would be. lightweight, flattering on my hourglass shape, and comfortable. i am a true 4p in retailer dresses (5'4"" 32d, 27 inch waist, 28 denim size) and purchased this dress in a 6 regular. i imagine the petite size would be way too short, as the regular size hit about 3 inches above my knee. might be a problem for taller girls. definitely size up on this one to avoid button gaping."	1
"This was such a great top! see thoughts below!  ___________ pros: - fits tts. for reference, i'm 5'9, 36c, hourglass. i'm normally a m or l (10 or 12) depending on the fit and found the medium to fit well and not be too tight at all. i could have probably sized down for a snugger fit, but i like the looseness. fit very well across the chest and arms. - the sleeves are surprisingly flattering. i've dealt with other tops where the sleeves flutter too much and adds too much weight and attentio"	1
I am loving this shirt. i thought it would look ridiculously long on me but it does not. for me this is a great substitute for the cloth & stone fringed plaid buttondown dress. it's definitely not a dress but is long enough to pull off the layered look of wearing a t-shirt and this on top. it will be a great piece for the fall given how incredibly soft and light weight it is. highly recommend.	1
I got the moss color in this cardigan. i'm not sure why these aren't sold out because it is pretty amazing! it is super soft and is a cute addition to a casual outfit. i would say that for this price it's definitely worth the buy!	1
"I'm a 0/2 on top with 32d's and i purchased this top in a medium and it fit perfectly. pretty colors go with a mix of bottoms. design is both functional and attractive, which usually isn't the case with swimwear. love the underwire cups, adjustable ties and straps. and the fabric is really soft and comfortable."	1
"I am usually a medium, but sized down to a small for a more fitted look. the light pink is slightly sheer, but will look great over leggings and jeans. i love the detail on the sleeve."	1
"This sweater has beautiful colors & cute fur collar which can removed (nice).  i bought it impulsively.  when home i tried it on with a tee as sweater is warm. i had to take it off immediately as it is scratchy & itchy.  i could not wear this without a long sleeve tee underneath, but i would be too warm.  in the store, several sweaters had thread runs in them and from the weight of the sweater.  given the itchiness and potential to run, i am returning the sweater."	1
"I was lucky enough to hit retailer day in san diego and snagged this little number - it is truly better looking in person. the dress hugs in all the right places and actually fits tighter than the model shows, but the material is that soft, but stretchy and gently molds to the shape of your body. i was really surprised, i would have never tried this dress from the photo shown. so glad i went in - it's really adorable!"	1
Cute and great fitting pant. love the pattern and it fit tts for the brand. i normally wear a 10/12 and i took at 12. flattering.	1
"I first got the coral one and was so in love with it that i ended up getting the other colors. it's just so cute, flattering, so cute with a long necklace and i just love how the back dips down and covers your butt. i've been heavily contemplating getting a second coral one i'm so worried if something happens to it lol i'm weird like that. it's always the good stuff that can't be replaced"	1
"This is a charming sweatshirt top with extra details to make it stand out! the front panel has lovely art nouveau style embroidery and cut outs. i'm going to enjoy wearing this with jeans - it looks great with gray or black denim. the colors are fabulous for someone with ""spring"" coloring - the front panel is a very pale peach / peche. i'm 5'4"", 128lbs, with small shoulders and 32c chest, i'm typically a size 2-4 or size xs-s, and ordered an xs. it fits well, a little tighter than on the model -"	1
"Very comfortable top, exactly what i was looking for on the hotter summer days. the white is a bit sheer, but a nude strapless worked just fine for me. i also bought the pink and it is a very pale, soft pink. the material is super soft like typical cloth & stone products."	1
"This is definitely one that looks better on than on the hanger. i am 5'10"" so it is a little too short for me to wear with bare legs (it tends to ride up) but it looks great with boots and tights. i love the raw edges of the striped a-line part. i have also worn it belted and that is also a very cute look."	1
I love these pants so much i had to write a review! purchased the carbon color recently in regular length - the length stated is pretty true and there was minimal shrinkage for me. size was also tts (typically wear size 2 and got 26). i've been wearing them often! they look great right out of the dryer and drape nicely. i've been purchasing the pilcro linen trousers for years but these are my favorites this season --- i also think the quality is much better. i will be getting them in more colors	1
"Based on the two reviews on this skirt and, for the sale price i purchased the small--i 'm usually a large/extra large. i carry my weight in the middle, and this skirt stills works. very sofisticated striping, slimming! i haven't experienced any slipping, but i haven't worn it for any great length of time yet. there are numerous ways to create chic looks."	1
Awesome jeans. cute and comfortable! size down as they run a little big.	1
"This sweater coat is perfect. i've been looking for one i loved for years. in my opinion, it runs true to size. i ordered my usual xsp. it is fitted in the arms and loose on the body. i love it."	1
"I have had my eye on this dress since the spring (in yellow), but it sold out quickly. i jumped on this dress as soon as i saw it come out in different colors this fall! i purchased the peach color and it is really lovely. i will be wearing this dress for family photos. the lace and the details are so very pretty! i am usually a size 0 or 2, and purchased in size 2 since there is no stretch to it. it is a beautiful dress and i highly recommend it! wish it came in white!"	1
"This is casual and comfortable. along with soft touch of its textile, i also like the pastel color of flower prints.  especially, i love the purple flower print with grey background (which is sold out already). it also fits well with my body and makes look cool.   it is perfect for everyday use."	1
"I'm 5'3, with a 32h chest. ive always had a hard time finding clothes that fit well because i'm chest heavy. this fits perfectly without making me look bigger than i am and hides my post pregnancy pooch well!   i usually order a medium at retailer and ordered a medium in this sweater."	1
"A perfectly fun pant for a gray or sunny, winter day. i like the longer length, to the ankle on me, pairing with my kate spade black sabina combat boots and a eileen fisher black cashmere, boxy, cropped sweater. another fun option is to pull out the pink accent in the pant with a pink camisole under a black sweater. the fabric weight is good for winter, they do feel a little itchy at first but it's not noticeable after wearing them a short while."	1
"I ordered the white in 0p (i wanted red, but was sold out and don't have a white one so thought why not). i really liked the fit, flirty, flattering, very nice (love the crossed straps in the back). as someone mentioned, the fabric is a bit heavy for summer, but since i spend a lot of time indoors in a cold environment, no biggie, i probably will have a seater on top of it too. the cut is flattering, chest area not too snug, and i can wear a strapless (more comfortable for me). 115 lbs, 26.5 in"	1
I caught this on sale and bought the light pink version. it is very lightweight and delicate. i must admit on taking it out of the box i was a little concerned at the shape / design- but once i tried it on i found it draped beautifully and was really a good buy. it is very unique and i think i could wear it with nice slacks for work or keep it more casual with jeans and a t-shirt on the weekend. the only drawback is that the material is not what you would expect from a sweater- it does feel more	1
"Really stretchy and therefore not a whole lot of compression. love the floral pattern and the color, but they're also surprisingly thin. they'll be good for yoga in the summer months, but i find them to be too thin to wear outside of the gym and i like a legging i can feel comfortable in running errands to and from the gym too. fit true to size."	1
"I had my eye on this for a while and finally picked it up on sale. i got the darker blue in xs. great piece, fits well. very cozy but the cuffs add such cute detail."	1
Beautiful overlay runs large had to return for a smaller size	1
"I love pilcro script jeans. the rise is super comfortable and the fabric stretch is perfectly flattering without being too tight. the wash is great. from the pictures, i didn't realize this pair had the fringed bottom rather than the hem, but they cuff easily if you want to hide it. plus, with boot season approaching, i think it will make boots more comfortable without the bulky hem. i wish they would make this cut with all of their products - would love to see a pair of cords or dress pants!"	1
"Gosh, this is a beauty! maeve can be a little iffy on sizing, but i find this to fit tts. beautiful details, fit is comfortable yet elegant, nice length...i have zero complaints on this. it is sheer enough to need something underneath, but the fabric is lightweight enough that the extra layer doesn't seem bothersome. nice quality piece (not overly delicate despite the lacy details and sheerish fabric)."	1
I love this sweater! it does run a little large though. fits beautifully. great for cool summer nights and early fall. dress up or down.	1
"As the previous reviewer stated, this skirt is a stunner, can be worn in all four season. it's long and runs on the larger side. so that you compare, i'm 5'9"" and it goes all the way to the side of my foot. i'm 146lbs, 28 waist, 38 hips and always a medium on maeve, this skirt on a medium was too big for me, at least a size larger. take that into account when ordering. other than that it's a great purchase. can't wait for my exchange to arrive."	1
"I got them in green and the color is very nice. the waist is a little higher than the ag cords, but that only makes them comfortable and holds the tummy in a little good length and the pant holds up nice thru out the day, no sagging yet in the knee and behind area"	1
Love this sweater skirt by tracy reese. i'm a huge fan of tracy reese clothing and this skirt doesn't disappoint. super comfortable. the colors in the skirt are amazing too. many different colors to pull from. i can see myself dressing this up or dressing it down with flat boots and a denim jacket. i felt it fit tts. i usually wear a small in retailer skirts that aren't numeric sizes. got this one in small.	1
"Love this tee! lightweight, airy and comfy. i think it fits true to size. so soft and summery. can't wait to wear it this summer!"	1
"I love how boho, colorful and comfy this dress is. sometimes you just want to wear your comfiest bra and not worry about a dress that doesn't cover the straps. they were out of the petite small so i went with the small. i am 5' 125 lbs, and it fits perfectly, just more of a midi length. no problemo!"	1
This dress is really simple and elegant and i want to love it but i'm having a hard time getting it to fit right. i'm normally a size 4/6 and i bought this in an 8 and couldn't zip it up. i'm a 36d which is part of the problem so i exchanged it for a 10 and i can now zip it but the bar in the back i thought would cover my bra strap but like other reviewers mentioned its a bit high. most of my bras fall right into the hole beneath the bar. its unfortunate because i wanted to love this dress. i mi	1
Picked this up at the local retailer in both colors. the red version was styled in the store with the adorable blue snail cardigan - which i also bought. highly recommend.	1
"I bought this sweater in the black. it is so flattering and feels great on. the sleeves are a bit long, but they are supposed to be. the material is not overly thick, yet it feels soft and well made. while the lace sleeves are the star of this show, the back is so flattering! it has a perfect cut that i don't think comes through in the picture. it fits true to size. love this one!!!!"	1
"Love these pants i bought them in two colors! flattering fitting!! im 5'4 120lbs 36"" hip. i bought these in size 25. sometimes i don't like petit sizing but these petite at 30"" long inseam still gave me enough length to wear with heals. there is the usual good and bad with linen - after you wear them once you need to iron because they look too wrinkled and worn. the linen is light and washed - unfortunately i don't think these pants will hold up for more than a two years. i'll love them while i"	1
"I found this top to be quite flattering.........the slight give in the outer straps is necessary to allow for arm movement without issue. i did not find it to diminish the aesthetic value. i purchased it in white and loved it so much that i ordered the black also....not much of a pink person or i would have gotten that one too! classic with a bit of a casual edge. a must get!"	1
"I absolutely loved this dress when i first saw it. the fit was not quite what i expected. i usually sport a 0 or 2, but this dress wouldn't zip up all the way in a 2, so i return/exchanged it for a 4."	1
Awesomely different top. the first time i wore it i didn't wash it so it was big on me. it shrunk from washing so it fits better now. there is some unraveling of the frayed edges though.	1
I was so stoked about this swim suit.  i bought it for mine and and my husband's anniversary trip.  it didn't disappoint.  it was gorgeous.  amazing quality. fabulous on.  unfortunately in my case though - the bottom is incredibly low cut and showed my c-section scar. so it had to go back :(	1
"Top is blouse and long enough to stay tucked in if you want.  like the laser cut detail front and back.  sleeveless is great for summer months here.  can wear to work or dress down with jeans.  fit is true to size.  i am 5'5"", slim and small busted so anything fits me.  i would think it you're busty it would be fine as it's a blousy fit. the color is more of a salmon pink which works for me.  however if your looking for a true pink it may not work."	1
"I just got this shirt the other day, and already love it. it fits like a basic tee, but the details on the sleeves and back are really cute. the shape is loose at the bottom, which makes this really comfortable. my only complaint is it's a little tight across the back, but this does not hurt the overall fit and comfort of the top. this is a little thicker than a tee shirt too, so the quality feels nice."	1
Nice flowing summer sun dress. i was looking for something very simple and put a colorful kimono over. it. i put a bando under it. i think this dress can be for all ages as my friend in her 20s bought and loves this dress as well.	1
Bought all colors and each one is unique in its beauty. material is thicker than most thin tops today but not too thick for the summer. i wear size 12/14 and the xl fit with room to spare. i bought larger in case of shrinkage.	1
"Love this maxi! gorgeous print, flowy and romantic. in my opinion runs a bit tight in the chest- i sized up from my usual 6 to an 8 and it was perfect. i am 5'7"" and it was floor length without tripping me up. looks great on darker skin. i am on the fair side (winter skin!) and the beige color down the middle looked flesh-toned and washed me out a bit, but with a tan this dress will be perfect!"	1
I really liked this dress. i agree with the others that say the side seam comes up pretty high. i think i'd wear as a tunic or open like the model. i can't justify full price though. tts. my normal med fit.	1
Im so glad this shirt came to me just as pictured and described. color and fit was spot on! thank you!	1
"This dress is super soft, beautiful on, perfect fit!"	1
"Ordered the ""white"" tee, but when it arrived today, i was surprised by how cream it looked.the cut is nice and as other reviewers mentioned, it is on the sheer side. still on the fence of whether or not i'll keep it."	1
I love this sweater! i have gotten so many compliments. it is so comfortable and unique. i am planning on ordering the same sweater in another color. i wear a small and ordered a small. it fit me perfectly. i shop at retailer for a lot of my clothes because they are well made and different.	1
"I ordered two colors and was happy with them both.  i wear tanks under many tops in the warm weather as so many are sheer.  i like a layered look, and having layers to peel as needed.  these tops are great on their own as well!  i recommend them to anyone wanting swing and extra length.  really love the fabric too!"	1
"Nice fit, very comfortable if you wear a thin shirt underneath."	1
My daughter and i both purchased this vest at an retailer store. this vest is so flattering on and is so much cuter in person than in the online picture. it is chic and stylish and will definitely be a staple for fall and winter.	1
"Everything about this jumper is lovely- the color, the fit, the fabric. corduroy anything rules. but the first day i wore it the zipper was a problem. it was missing a tooth. my husband helped me work around that to zip it up for a sunday drive. i unzipped to nurse our baby and then we couldn't get it back up and it just separated leaving me half dressed in the restaurant. was going to have it repaired but will send back now that i see they have more. i don't know about y'all but i always feel a"	1
"Super flattering cut and the material is like buttah! no seriously, it's like a 10-yr old tee soft! the colors aren't even close compared to online, though. the green is a brighter almost grass green and the pink is more like a salmon color. i didn't see the lilac in the store."	1
"I almost did not buy this dress because of the poly/rayon construction but i saw some sweet styling on instagram that got me hooked. the dress is silky soft and a bit oversized as i purchased the smallest of my size range. looks very swingy and free spirited when worn loose. cinch the string tie or add a wide belt for a defined waist and beautiful full skirt. i have many outfits in mind for this perfect fall dress, i'm excited to start wearing it! my weight has been fluctuating, so right now i'm"	1
Love this dress so beautiful embroidery is lovely....well worth the price!!!	1
"I am a little retailer obsessed and have a lot of clothing from here....this has to be the best thing i've ever purchased. it is so soft and beautiful. i am 5'11 and 150lbs and got the m/l ...fits perfectly and doesn't swallow me up but it does hide my bottom and the sides come up but not to wear my side stomach is showing. it does sit at an angle on the body but to me that's so perfect, a little different and not a defect. it is not itchy whats so ever. i love this with skinny jeans and brown boo"	1
This is such a perfect tee to wear on cold days! it's a fall/winter/spring staple for sure. it's very soft and falls perfectly. i would definitely recommend it.	1
"Like many clothes, this looks much better on you than on the model; with a little bit of curve, it is not shapeless but very flattering. i wore it out with friends for drinks and they all exclaimed at how elegant it was. the wrist keyhole is a nice touch, and quality is very good. for reference, i'm 5'6"", 125 lbs."	1
"Very cute, and well made. fits true to size."	1
"Lovely dress. the beautiful colors are exactly as shown on the website. i'm 5'2"" and it reaches about midway down my shin. i'm normally a size 0 and i ordered the x-small and it fits perfectly. definitely a keeper!"	1
The nolan's are my favorite pair of jeans from any brand. they are skinny leg but not too tight and the material is oh so soft. i buy 1-2 sizes down as they stretch out a lot.	1
"This hoodie has a great fit! it is slightly tapered in at the waist so it is not boxy. in fact, it is quite flattering. it has pockets and a cute rubber zipper pull. the hood is a nice size, not overwhelming to the back profile. i purchased the matching pants a few months ago but had not idea when i ordered this. now i have a super cute ""lounge at the lake"" ensemble."	1
"Very comfortable and stylish. can wear with tights, as a dress, or over jeans. cute any way! the material is not super thick, but not too thin."	1
"I'm 5'6 and between 100-105lbs. buying clothes from retailer is always a stuggle because i have a petite frame but i don't fall into the petite height range. i usually order a petite size and just deal with the shorter length, which is hard when you're all limbs. i purchased a 0r and i'm in love with the fit! the top of the dress fits under my arms perfectly! the waist of the dress also hits nicely. usually the waist of regular sized dresses falls below my natural waistline due to my short"	1
"I hope you can get this top.this is a great classic,that will be in my closet for a long time."	1
These shorts are divine. the fabric is sturdy and there is a weave of sparkle that i did not perceive from the picture.	1
"This fits like a regular top for me. i can take petite on top most of the time. i bought this in a medium regular and it fits like my regular high low tees or tops. i think it's so cute on. it's light weight enough for warmer weather. i'm going to love it this spring/summer and into fall with a jacket or cardigan. another plus is it doesn't gape at the armpit which i get sometimes with regular cuts. it's not so low cut on me either, but i have a 32f (37-38ish inches) bust so that may be why? it"	1
"Love this top! got it in white for a recent trip to paris - felt chic and cool during a bit of a spring heat wave in the city of lights. it runs somewhat small - i'm 5'7, 128 lbs, broad shoulders, and got the 6. my usual 4 fit but was a little snug. i would recommend going up in size in this style. the 6 looked better because it is supposed to be a boxy, swingy top."	1
"This is a gorgeous dress that while it runs quite small ( i normally take a s or xs ). i had to exchange it for a medium. i am 5 4"" and it falls below the knee which is how i like my dresses. it is a gorgeous pattern of color which could be worn for 3 seasons. i look forward to wearing it for many special occasions."	1
"I'm a big fan of left of center as a brand, and this top is definitely a winner!  the deep green is gorgeous and looks fantastic with denim. the shirt is true to size and is flatteringly loose without looking too tent-like. highly recommend!"	1
This is exactly what i was looking for! a simple black blouse to pair with a bold pair of pants or skirt. falls nicely and the material is quite stretchy making it super comfortable.	1
"I expected this dress to be pretty, but was happily surprised at the level of beautiful detail. it's hard to tell in the pictures, but the dress has a black background with tan embroidery all over, and white embroidered eyelets. the full lining is bright blue and it peeks through the eyelets, with the slit on the back and the inside of the neckline lined in bright orange. the slit on the back has two buttons closing it - a really cute detail. it fit me comfortably (i am 5'7"" and 130 - got the si"	1
"Maeve has done it again with a fabulous blouse. i bought in the blue motif and the colors are so wonderfully fall. the length is great for skinny jeans and leggings. loved that it covered the rear end as well. i am 5'5"", 135lbs, curvy/athletic frame, 34c and the size small fit well."	1
Great sweater for casual days. just the right length and fabric weight. very versatile. fit is true to size not oversized.	1
"Love these charlies! the side zip is a nice change of pace and the dark grey goes with practically everything i own. fabric is a perfect weight for spring and summer too. i ordered one size up, mainly because i put on a couple pounds this past winter (like usual) and the description said slim fit. i went from a 6 to an 8 and the 8's weren't big at all, so they might run a tad on the small side. side zipper is a little harder to zip near the waistband, but i don't think that can be prevented."	1
Love the top! this is an attractive black top with a unique back which will match pretty much any thing in ones closet! yes i would say it runs a size bigger however it does not take away from the quality nor design	1
"This is my new favorite sweater and i want it in all sizes. i have the ivory and now the taupe-totally would have bought the green had it been in stock. the red is a more rust color, but it is still gorgeous. although the knit looks and is looser, it is still very warm. i wore it today and was a little too hot for this mild day. it is longer so it can be worn nicely with leggings and still look great, but it has a good fit and shape so as not to look frumpy. love. tts, but could also size down i"	1
I loved this dress as pictured online and when i received it i fell in love with the look as well as the fit. it is such a perfect dress for the day or night. i am so happy i ordered it.	1
Very happy with this online dress purchase! it fits tts and i love the ruching. i've already gotten compliments on it!	1
"I ordered the ivory in size xl. it is such a cute, comfortable top. all of the details are well-done. the quality of the material is great too. it's a flowy fit. after washing & air-drying, it does shrink a bit. great tee for summer!"	1
"I was at first a bit leery of this dress because of the shape. baggy is in, but it's not always flattering. i am usually a big small-medium and the medium was too fluffy. i realize it's supposed to be loose, but not that loose. i'm 5'8"" and 146 lbs and the small was the best option. perfect amount of looseness but still gave a hint of shape. it has pockets and is so comfortable. i'm a school teacher so i try to find clothes that i can wear in both worlds. this is definitely a keeper! i will for"	1
"Based on reviewers' comments, i sized up and ordered an 8 (normally i run 4-6). and while the waist fit pretty well, the bust was too large and roomy (i'm a34b bust). i eventually got ahold of a 6 and the waist still fits and the bust is much better. so for me, at least the two dresses i got are true to fit. and the dress is very pretty and i'm excited to wear it!!!....i guess since it's fall i may have to wait until next year..."	1
"I'm going on a cruise to the bahamas and when i saw this dress, i had to have it! i love it! it's soft to the touch and super fun to twirl around in! the seams are a bit awkward and that's due to the bottom part's shape. i have a slender navy blue belt that i pair it with to hide the waist seam and to accent my waist more. a navy blue sash/scarf/ribbon around the waist can do the trick too!"	1
"This dress is indeed so lovely in person. i am so glad i ordered 2 sizes (0p and 2p) based on the straighter-looking cut. i am 115 lbs, 5'1.5"", adn 30dd bra size. verdict, the 2p fit better. why, the cehst area is a little snug and hte buttons kept trying to open (and did# i would have ahd to leave it pen and wear a tank under this dress... not an option with such a unique piece.  other things: color: wow, very nice in person, i was afraid that the colr would wash me out, but no, i have very p"	1
"Love this vest!! i bought the red color and absolutely love the feel of the fabric. you can wear it over a variety of clothes..dresses, turtlenecks, long sleeve shirts. perfect staple for the winter and fall!"	1
"Really enjoy this pullover's arm detail. i got the ""purple"" which was somewhere between aubergine and garnet. i think this will easily go with black pants to wear to work or a fun skirt/jeans."	1
"I just received this dress and i love it. after reading the reviews i was worried that it would be too tight so i ordered both a 6 and an 8. i am 5'8"", hourglass, 135 lbs, and the 6 is just perfect. i love how it falls just below the knee, but the front slit gives it that little flirt factor. this is the go-to summer dress i had been looking for!"	1
I just received this in the mail and must say its one of my favorite purchases in a long time from retailer. the navy polka dot color combo is classic yet fun with the orange. looks great on its own as well as under a cardy. this will be in heavy rotation.	1
"These pants are great! they are comfortable, light and flowy. they are perfect for summer!"	1
"Cute tee. it's a casual tee with some nice detailing that gives it some style. the fabric is a good thickness. not see-through thin but light enough for warm weather. the color should match pretty much anything. nice neckline. i think it runs slightly large. i hover between a small, extra small with tops and the xs fit nicely. i do have narrow shoulders, 32dd, so women with normal to wide shoulders might prefer their usual size. i don't expect people to gush over it with compliments but it it a"	1
"I bought this dress when i saw it go on sale, and i am glad i did! love how it fits the length everything about it. it is true to size and it looks very flattering, i will be wearing it for my anniversary date with my husband. highly recommend! i am 130 lbs, 34d, and the size 6 fit perfectly!"	1
"These are the perfect pants for the hourglass figure, i needed sz 4 but the store was sold out in my sz plan to order . these pants are light weight and fit in all the right spots , don't show any flaws on legs and i do have them ,but they are very complimentary to my figure . they are also really hip without being over the top or weird."	1
"I love this dress. i purchased a size down from my normal dress size after reading the reviews. i'm 5'9"" 148lbs 34dd and the size 6 fit perfect. the attached slip is a tad darker than my  very fair skin color but it still works. can't wait to dress it up with some nice heels."	1
"It's a pretty top, but it runs very short. the back is also pretty see through so i'm not sure i will keep it. it's called off the shoulder but it is so tight when you try and actually wear it off the shoulder. great design, just not sure i will keep it due to length"	1
I took this sweater on a recent vacation up north. i wore it 3 evenings because the weather changed from hot to cool. loved the feel of being wrapped in a warm blanket. cocoon cardigan is an apt name. wasn't sure about pink but it is exactly as pictured. this will become a go-to in my sweater wardrobe.	1
"I really love this shirt. the cutouts make it unique and the fabric is super soft for a chambray style. i thought the fit was perfect - i'm 5'5"", 120lbs and i ordered an xs. still enough room to be comfortable. super cute! glad i bought it."	1
I love these jeans! perfect amount of stretch without sag. great color.  ordered my usual size 28. i wish they had these in olive and black!	1
"I really like this blouse. it's hard to find a short sleeved button down that the sleeves don't stick out and look weird. this one does not have this problem. it is a bit sheer, but i don't mind wearing a cami with it. it is flowy... but not boxy/baggie. has a very nice, flattering drape. i'm 5'3"", 110lbs., 32c, petite frame. the 00 regular fits great. i'm often a petite (especially in pants and long sleeved tops)... but went with the regular size here bc i wanted the longer length."	1
"Great dress! i am always looking for knee length dresses that are comfortable and easy to wear. i am really active with my kids and this dress can be worn on a casual day with sandals or dressed up. the fit was flattering for me, although i am not very curvy and could see that it might not flatter all shapes. i am 5'5'' and 120 pounds and the size four fit great."	1
"This top is true to size for me, i'm 5'8'' 128lbs, and i ordered both a size 4 and 6. the six was too big, i could tell because the shoulder seem was in the wrong spot and i couldn't lift my arms, the shoulder seem hung too low. the 4 was perfect, i had full range of motion for my arms and was easily able to bend down and touch my toes without any pulling on the buttons of the shirt. i always order a small or size 4 in tops. the bigger size didn't add any length in front just added a boxier feel"	1
"I have broader shoulders and thick arms, this dress does an amazing job slimming my arms and not making me appear top heavy! i'm 5'4 125 lbs, the xs fit perfectly"	1
"I received this top today and though the color is not white as shown in the pic, it's a beautiful top. its more ivory as mentioned. the lace is like a lining(covering the entire body except the arms) underneath the ribbed fabric. like the other reviewer mentioned the lace is not itchy but soft and very pretty! i totally love it!!! this is my new favorite top in my wardrobe!!"	1
"This is a such a cute top. can be dressed up for work or worn more casually. very flattering. i'm 5'6"" and 125lb. i was borderline between the xs and s but ended up with the s because it was a tad longer and more 'tunic-y.' bought two colors!"	1
"This skirt is soft and comfortable, breathes and moves really nicely. great quality and fabric, just be careful in the first wear i snagged a spot with my rings. i ordered my usual medium, but probably could have sized down to a small. i plan to wear this all the time."	1
"Cute and pretty, runs a little wide and short, just slightly. i feel like i have that issue with all retailer clothes though. love the back."	1
"I bought this to wear to work, but i pictured it as being fancier than it is. the fabric is heavy, stiff sweatshirt material. i bought a small but probably would have been better off with an xs. despite this, it's long enough to be a dress on me, and it is comfortable and cute. it will be nice in the winter and could probably be dressed up some."	1
"I love this shirt! i wore it to a friend's baby shower and received a lot of compliments on it. the neckline and shoulders and very flattering, but then i'm not very busty, so maybe that's why it worked for me. the material is hand-wash only, but well worth it for such a unique, pretty top. i also didn't get any weird smell from this shirt nor did i think the material was too stiff."	1
I got this dress on line - i ordered several sizes after reading the reviews. it does run small. i usually wear a 2 in dresses and needed a 4. i love the fit and it is a beautiful dress - however the little black pin dots are easy to snag. i wore it once - didn't feel like i was wild that night - ha! - but when i took it off that night it had 3 places where it had snags - ugh!	1
These are just as cute as pictured. they are generously sized made from soft denim. the denim has quite a bit of stretch. i ordered a size down from my normal size. i was surprised by all the extra threads in the pockets. they were still attached to the inside of the pockets. it just made them feel a little unfinished. these didn't impact the overall wear or appearance of the garment. the straps are adjustable with two buttons on the overalls and three strap-length adjustments on the straps. the	1
I'm an employee and bought this top today. i'm so happy i ended up buying it on a whim! it's adorable and super comfy! it's perfect for those jeans and a tee day! i can't wait to wear it to work. the color is gorgeous and the peplum adds a feminine detail without being too puffy...in love!	1
"Love this sweater/jacket. fit is good and the colors are just right, not to bright and not boring. the shawl color takes a wee bit of adjusting but is worth the extra minute or so. also has a hood built into shawl that when not in use can not be seen, very cool. have worn it a couple of times and always get compliments."	1
"Love this top-i love the colors, flow and that you can wear with a regular bra and straps are covered. i was torn between the xs and s but went with the s due to length. have already worn several times with a casual white jean summer skirt and crops. love love love."	1
"I wanted to love this dress..and it did not disappoint! true to size, not too snug but doesn't make you look shapeless. the material is soft and has great movement. looks great with boots and booties. i know i will be wearing this one often!"	1
"I've been looking for a great white blouse for awhile, and this is it! the tie waist is especially flattering for hourglass figures, but i'm sure it would add some curves to any body type. the fabric is soft, not crisp, and drapes beautifully. you definitely will be doing some ironing, though. it's a bit sheer, but i always wear nude bras and felt no need for a cami. i did buy the regular, rather than petite sizing and usually wear a 0 or 2, but had to size up to a 4 regular to avoid gaping in f"	1
"This top is so unbelievably cute! the fit is perfect and it goes with just about anything on the bottom. i personally styled mine with high waisted distressed skinny jeans and it looks adorable. its a tiny bit see-thru, so you do need to wear a tank under it."	1
"I absolutely adore this dress! i was nervous to try it because i just had a baby, thinking that the waist tie looked potentially bulky/stiff based on the images. i am so glad i gave this a shot - it is actually one of the few dresses that i am comfortable wearing right now. the tie helps make me look like i have a waist, even though i don't right now, while covering up some of the leftover baby weight. i grabbed this is my usual size s (27 / 34b / 5'7""), and found it to fit perfectly, plus the t"	1
"I bought this dress in both the red and black motifs and love them both. i'm 5'7"" and usually a medium, but i found the medium to run a little larger than expected. it's fine if you want the dress to hang looser on your body, otherwise, consider trying it a size down."	1
I love this dress!  i originally ordered it in a small but returned it for an extra small.  it fits perfectly - love the details.  so classic and comfortable !	1
"I bought these in the olive green, in the store and will be ordering the gray pair online. i am 5' 9"" and 145 lbs, long legs and these are beyond adorable. some people mentioned that they stretched out? i did not find this to be true. what i do know is they can be dressed up or dressed down. they are flattering and perfect for the spring/summer. i would highly recommend and would/will purchase in every color. well done retailer!! one of my most favorite purchases so far this spring."	1
I love this top!  it does run big and maybe some won't like it with the elastic waist.  i think it's the perfect weight and very comfortable.  i love the detail around the neck line.	1
"The colors on these leggings are just beautiful!  the material is very soft and has a nice thickness to it.  no issues with see thru material.  i am 5'8"", 145, and i ordered my usual medium."	1
"Love the distressed look and linen-like texture. the back ties cinch in for a custom fit & the knit hood is a nice touch. the length is great! fits tts (exactly as depicted) if not slightly roomy, which i like. absolutely fabulous!"	1
"This is the perfect cool day, cozy, teacher sort of sweater or if you're having a mr rogers sort of day. the material is soft and comfortable and the color is just as it appears in the photo. looks great with a button down shirt underneath."	1
"I needed an outfit for my son's christening 10 weeks after he was born. one thing i have to keep in mind with purchasing items now is how well they work for easy breastfeeding. this jumpsuit was perfect 'dressed up' with a cropped tuxedo jacket, cute shoes and jewelry. i felt so chic and not only did it fit my new post-baby shape, but was awesome for nursing him when needed. i felt comfortable all day and look forward to 'dressing it down' for less formal occasions. the material is so soft and i"	1
"I wanted this dress in yellow from the moment i first saw it on instagram. i waited for it to be available online and once it was i ordered it. i am usually a size medium but sized down to a small petitie (5'5"") -- and the fit is off. i am a 34b so its too roomy in the chest. because i love everything else about this dress i am going to re-order in an xs petite but that will be two sizes down for me. not sure if it will fit. length was good. looks great with a dark denim jacket . the dress is li"	1
"I've been looking for a black off-the-shoulder dress and found this baby in store today. for reference, i am 5'8"", 34b, 140-150 and took a small. this dress is a shift/swing style, so if you're looking for something fitted this isn't your dress. as another reviewer mentioned, ladies who are busty may not like this as the ruffle at the top could add unwanted volume. if you are extremely thin or petite, i might size down, but i like my clothing loose vs. fitted so i kept the small. the fabric is g"	1
"This sweater is warm and cozy. it has flattering lines the way it closes, the banded detail at the hem and sleeve details. please remember it is wool so right next to your skin my be itchy. however it is the best sweater for a slim flattering warm look."	1
"I bought 2 of these in peach and maize. the fabric is yummy and soft as silk, the eyelet detail gorgeous and the colors are great, however there is too much fabric! if only a bit less, the fabulous swing shape would work. that said, i'm keeping mine if just for the gorgeous fabric and colors. i would even consider buying the third color just to wear around the house, if sale was on sale again."	1
This top is gorgeous and versatile. i wear it with jeans and dress it up with a skirt. so happy to have this in my wardrobe.	1
I bought this top in black and love it! the crossed straps in the back give it a stylish twist. i also tried it in white and found it to be a little see thru.	1
"I fist saw this dress in the window in alexandria, va olde towne and i immediately said that i have to have it. upon receiving it in the mail, i was surprised by the quality of the dress. this dress is made very well. after trying it on it did look like i was going to be dancing with the hippies in woodstock. but i love the dress and plan on wearing it soon. good quality"	1
"Love this cozy sweater for layering. i purchased the green, have the cream saved in my cart, and also love the coral and blue too. 5'5"", 135lbs, 34c, ordered size small which was perfect"	1
"Love this jacket. you will definitely want to size down though. i am usually a medium/large, but i was swimming in that size. i opted for the xs/s, and it is perfect."	1
I absolutely love this piece. it's a beautiful and chic piece that is perfect for any occasion	1
Love this top! i bought it in 2 colors; it's a great twist on a basic tee. love love love!	1
"1. i'm 5'5"" tall, 143 lbs and 38 (36d) - 32 -40 and the medium fit me well.  2. my only problem is that the collar keeps falling to the back. i feel like the shoulder isn't cut right to sit on the shoulder. i seem to have this problem a lot with this brand, where the shirt just wants to fall to the back."	1
"Love the look of the pant! would have given more stars if it had arrived wearable. the pockets all had a corner stuck folded up, requiring washing or ironing before i can even wear them. worried that they will constantly have that issue."	1
"I love this top! yes, it is quite transparent, but just needs a light colored cami (i like the reversible scoop and v-neck tanks at retailer)! it's incredibly soft and light for summer time. the black motif is more like a slate gray contemporary pattern. i also really like the sewn in v-neck line. it gives the shirt a more professional touch. i'll be wearing it for work with a dark blue blazer."	1
"This dress is gorgeous, but if you have a larger bust size, i would not recommend it. unfortunately, it was not available in any nearby stores and i had to order online. the low cut looks cute on the model but realistically with a chest it ends up looking a bit too revealing. i am bummed because the dress really is beautiful!!"	1
"The moment i laid eyes on this beauty, i was mesmerized.  there's so much going on with the print but it all works.  it's so fun and flattering and versatile since the variety of colors go with just about every thing i own in my closet.  it can be fancied up or casualed down depending on your shoes and accessories.  like the first reviewer recommended, size down.  i bought an 8 instead of 10 and my bust is 36dd with a wide rib cage.  i really wish this was a midi on me but alas no petite sizes w"	1
"I agree with the other reviewer -- it's refreshing to find a top that isn't all baggy or sheer, which seems to be the current trend right now. _______ pros: - lots of stretch. this was so comfortable and the rayon lining inside really makes this breathable. - the ruched detailing, sleeves and overall length is great. - no cami needed with the white. i see in the pics on the model that appears to be cami underneath. i wrote a nude bra and didn't have an issue at the front because it's two la"	1
"This general sweatshirt is cute, stylish and can be dressed up or down. a fresh alternative to the standard grey sweatshirt with leggings for casual mornings."	1
"The look is frest, crisp with a touch of romance. very retailer!"	1
Love the softness of this sweater - it's very flattering without feeling like i am swimming in it. like the other reviewer said - it sheds a lot! the cream is very sheer so i had to wear a tank underneath.	1
"The details on this blouse are so pretty. it is a bit wide, but it flows nicely. it is also a little shorter than a lot of tops, but i think it will work nicely with higher waisted flares this spring. the sleeve is very flattering. i got medium, my normal size."	1
"I love shift dresses and i love t linen so this one was a must for me. i had it in my inbox as soon as it came out on the website and then i found it in the store and had to try it on. i took the six and the eight to the fitting room because i run in between, and the six fit better so i guess it runs a little bit large. really it just depends on how you want it to fit. the length is great too, about 3 inches above my knee, i'm 5 foot 5, which is exactly where i like my dresses to hit. i got the"	1
"This top looked really cute. when i received it the fit was not flattering. it is snug on top and very loose on the bottom with an excess amount of material. it made me look very disproportionate. i returned it."	1
"This skirt manages to be both sophisticated and whimsical. it's well-made, classy, feminine, and timeless. love it!"	1
"I love this dress. i would have never picked it off the hanger in the store, in fact i went right past it. however, when i was in the dressing room trying something else on i saw two girls wearing it and it was adorable. i immediately tried it on and loved it. i think it runs really big. i am normally a size 8/athletic build and i bought the x-small. i small also fit but was a bit too baggy. most tops/dresses at retailer also run big so it makes sense this does too but there is no way i am a true"	1
"After reviewing the comments for this dress i was really hesitant about buying it online, so i finally went to the store and all of the reviews are 100% true. this dress is amazing in terms of quality, but the sizing makes zero sense. i'm normally a size 12, but based on the reviews i initially tried on a medium. even that was huge, arm holes so long you could see my entire bra. so i tried on the small and that fit perfectly. unfortunately, unless you're normally an 8(maybe) or above in sizing,"	1
"Found this lovely dress in store and wanted to try it on. fits true to size everywhere except the bust. i am a size 2-4 with a 34dd bust. i can normally fit most retailer dresses no problem though. this one was very very very tight just in the bust and squished my chest to be a very unflattering shape.  i am 5'4 and the length was perfect just above the knee, for a youthful but work appropriate length. i am a relatively fit but hourglass curvy lady, but certainly not a 'perfect' beach body and"	1
Was so excited to order this beautiful shirt!  and the color sky is gorgeous!  but as another reviewer said--it runs small.  it was also way too short.  so sadly i will be returning this.  i gave it 5 stars because it is beautiful and great quality--it just didn't fit me.	1
"The skirt has a great cute design and great colors and great shape. but it runs very small and short. this company needs to provide a better fit, and large sizes if they run small."	1
"This suit is really flattering and comfortable. i love the pattern and the removable strap. the only downside is the top of the suit folds down easily showing the lining at the top. this has been the case with other suits i've bought from retailer, but it's so flattering that i can live with that flaw."	1
"I was undecided whether to get regular or petite. i am 5'4"" but i didn't want it to be sloppy long. ordered the petite xs as other reviewers suggested ordering down and its perfect. length falls on me same as the model above. not heavy and very soft. casual but not sloppy. sleeves are a tad long which i prefer."	1
"I initially bought this in the stone color and loved it so much the first time i wore it that i went back for the red. without a doubt my favorite purchases of the season. have gotten so many compliments on both and despite the fact that the style isn't form fitting, it is still somehow very flattering. would highly recommend this sweater to anyone!"	1
"Soft fabric. great color for fall and sophisticated detail at waist, sleeves. a keeper!"	1
"The fabric is breathtaking, both the jewel tone colors and the burnt velvet that would flatter any skin tone. as usual, eva franco clothes run small so i went up a size, size regular 6 (i am 5ft2in, 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips) fit well, the hem is below my knees, appropriate for work. but i think it would look better as a skirt or a sheath dress. the top part looks strange, does not enhance any curve and turns the dress to frumpy on short folks like me, thus one star off."	1
"I haven't taken this off since i got it. and since then, i've ordered two more colors. it's definitely sheer, but the blue isn't see-through, though i expect the lighter colors are. it is a distressed look, but super-soft, comfy, and perfect to wear over work out clothes or dressed up with jeans. really a nice summer top for hot days. i'm 5'4, 135 the and the xxs is perfect--drapey, but not baggy. very flattering straps too."	1
"I got the blue with polka dots. it fits more like a midi dress. it is a bit large, i'm usually a size 10 and got a size 8. it's gorgeous on. i don't think i'll be needing a bra underneath this. it's got a supportive band and the ribbon also helps. i might order the other bold print too, it just looks so good on."	1
"For years i've eyed these printed pilcro cord leggings. every single year in every single incredibly cool print - i've always wanted them. finally i decided to try them on after we got this green and navy print, and i'm so glad i did. these are dreamy! they are so stretchy and so comfortable! they hold snug against your leg for a very streamlined fit, but plenty of stretch so movement is no issue. the print is my favorite part. the colors are extremely fun, but still classy enough to not feel to"	1
"I first saw this vest displayed in the window and admired the colors and weave. i couldn't get it out of my mind, so i had to make a special trip back to retailer to buy it. it is soft and drapes well. looks amazing with denim and boots. i think it will be my favorite fall purchase."	1
"Love these pants!!! retailer - please sell more colors and patterns of these! i have a hard time finding work pants that fit right, don't have to be hemmed (i'm 5'3"") and aren't boring. this is just enough pattern to be interesting, but still neutral enough to pair with other things. i bought them full price and would happily do so again for another pattern!"	1
"This is a great skirt to add to your closet. i love it. it is comfortable, soft, and has detail to it. i enjoy wearing it for work or a night out."	1
Just gorgeous . this is one beautiful top. the colors are pretty and vibrant. i wear either a large or xl and the large was great in this top. dress it up or down.this top flows and it drapes beautifully in the back. it looks fantastic with jeans. as a bonus it is lined so no need for any type of piece under it. it's an all year round top. throw a cardigan or wrap over it when the weather cools down and you are set to go. a great top for your wardrobe . i would not hesitant to buy it.	1
"This skirt is exactly as i had hoped it would be. the zipper works great, the material feels nice, and the liner is attached to the skirt so there is no bunching effect. after the first time i wore the skirt i went out and bought more tops to go with it. i highly recommend this skirt."	1
"First i found the picture of this blouse stunning because the colors caught my attention . with that said, i found myself thinking of all the many events this could worn to, dressed up or down. so.... i found myself ordering it asap, paranoid that others were thinking i was thinking the same thing. well , i received it in the mail , and it was better than i thought!!! the colors and cut of this blouse is just as in the picture. i personally love this article/pattern of art, as i see it as an exp"	1
"This is a wonderful layering piece for the office. the material is so soft, like a thick velvet, but not quite. it is cute with a sleeveless body skimming top underneath, b/c it fits loosely. not for 90 degree days, as it is a bit of a heavier summer material. the orange-peach-coral color is really unique!"	1
This dress is so cute and so comfortable. i will be wearing this to a lot of different kind of events. i am so happy with this purchase.	1
"I honestly liked this little cardigan. it is a misnomer as a jacket. it really is more of a light sweater/cardigan, but i didn't have any negative issues like others on here. ________ pros: - great feel on the skin and fabric. this really caught my attention. hard to find a sweater that's breathable for cool summer evenings or mornings. - color scheme will go with anything, elegant touch. - unlined making it breathable. - runs large, forgiving it. stretchy. i'm normally a size 10/12 (m/l)"	1
"I love these pants so much, i have them in two colors. they are super comfy, light and actually really chic. perfect cool girl pants. i have got so many compliments. my young students (4-5) love my ""ninja pants""! i got them on sale. great, great buy. i highly recommend them."	1
"This shirt is semi-fitted. i like it because it is not boxy but not overly tight. it is not heavy even though it is a sweatshirt material. i wish the neck was a bit higher but i will wear a tee under it. the back is really cute.  it is different and i like that."	1
"This is an adorable topper for all these ballgowns when you have no top. that said, it was a lot shorter on me than i expected. i attribute this to the fact that i have a chest. the fit is true to size, but while not showing much tightness around the chest to any gape in the buttons in the back, it became more of a crop top. i have been needing a short topper so i'm definitely keeping this. the back button detail is adorable. the lace for me is soft and not stratchy or irritating but i only trie"	1
I was not going to purchase this jacket thinking it was too pricely but i am glad that i did. true to size and made with great craftsmanship. it looks very delicate but made strong. very pretty .... true too picture. it works out perfect for after yoga!	1
"This top is an easy, classy staple for summer -tts and drapes well, great shape"	1
"I just tried these jeans on out of the box and they fit like a dream! i'm 5'0' 100lbs and the 25petite (my usual size) fit me exactly right as full-length skinny jeans. they taper perfectly. no hemming required. they are super comfy and nice and thick. they feel durable and high quality.  two suggestions for improvement: 1) i wish is that they were a uniform dark blue wash (but the fadng and whiskering is barely noticeable). 2) i also wish they'd place the butt pockets a little higher, especia"	1
I bought the xs and love it. it looks better on than in the picture. it travels well (no wrinkles after being in the suitcase) and it is generous on the sides so you can actually eat a full lunch and not feel boxed in afterwards.	1
A great everyday tee!! dress it up a bit with a great gold necklace!! looks nice with jeans and brown boots!!	1
"I got it in tangerine. beautiful, soft material, very flattering and cute dress. i am petite, so i will have to do some alterations to make the top port shorter, but other than that it's a perfect dress."	1
"I read the earlier reviews on this, and though i agree that the photo here does not show how wide and swingy the top is, i love it! it is so adorable and comfortable. i bought the petite s, and i am 5'2"", 118 lbs. it fit true to size in the shoulders. the petite hits just a few inches below my waist, so you might want to keep that in mind if you do not want it to be this short. the sweater part is soft, not itchy, and the poplin sleeves and ruffle are crisp but soft as well. because this is very"	1
"Classic retailer piece that i am so happy to have in my wardrobe. high quality all wool felt jacket. unlined, stretchy comfortable knit. i wear mine as a knit blazer and love it. it is not merino soft, but soft enough to wear over a long sleeve tee. the neck does not itch.   fits tts, i wear a l and that is my normal retailer size. i am tempted to get the cream as well!"	1
"I agree with everything the other reviewer stated. this top is very billowy and runs large, it would be nice if i didn't have a chest! the other issue with this top is the macrame detailing is made more out of a satin like material and i wanted it to look closer to natural raw fiber. the pink is slightly more pink in person but it's not that far off. had to return."	1
I just love this hoodie! it is so soft and comfortable. i am usually an extra small and that size fit me great. i wish it didn't have the brand on the back of it but i can get over that. this is a very cozy piece that i will wear many times.	1
I love this dress. very comfortable. soft? absolutely!	1
"Really cute casual dress. wore it to a ""girls night"" out!! they all loved it. can't wait to wear it again with knee high boots!"	1
"I ordered this on a whim during retailer days sale and i'm glad i did. it's now one of those shirts that calls my name every morning. i've worn it with denim skinnies and a knee length black knit pencil skirt. so soft and flattering. i got it in the red, but am tempted by the blue!"	1
"I ordered this online with out previously trying it on and it fit nicely! just love the colors, draping and material. nice and light, good spring or fall dress. i wore it with black flats but it would look great with booties too. very flattering. i received a ton of compliments!"	1
"I liked this top even though it was a definite 'swing' style. i ended up altering it to remove some of the fullness. looks great with jeans as well as black pants for a dressier look. very soft and comfortable fabric. wish it was just a little bit longer."	1
"I am 5'3"" and 34c and bought the regular xs. it fits exactly as on the model. soft and light and comfortable, but very sheer. cami required (have to try this with both a tucked in cami and a cami bra). great with midi skirts and culottes and maxi skirts and palazzo and flared pants. love!"	1
"Looking for a stylish rain resistant coat to wear to ireland this fall and looks like this could fit the bill. the 30inch length is perfect. the faux fur lined collar and opening edges is a lovely touch, fur ends about 6 inches in so not fully lined, but great for weather in 50's-low 60's with a sweater added . ample room for that. i love the look, wish the pockets were just a bit bigger, i can barely fit my hand in. but overall i think it's a keeper. i ordered m/l and am usually a medium or la"	1
"I'm pretty petite and have small boobs so i should have gotten the xxs instead of the xs. however, since i'm currently pregnant (33 weeks) i figure i should buy the xs. it's a roomy dress and doesn't make you look like a boat if you're pregnant. which is awesome. since i don't have milk in my boobs yet, it's a tad roomy on the sides by my chest. not super noticeable though. i hate buying maternity clothes since they're pretty ugly and i don't like the fact that i wouldn't be able to wear it agai"	1
"I love these! they are cute enough to wear out, and they are really comfortable. i ordered a small and at 5'3"" they are a little long but they shrunk in the wash and they're still totally wearable"	1
"Absolutely love! as others have mentioned, it's super comfy and the colors in the bottom definitely brighten up the sweater. the online brand says monogram, but the tag says sleeping on snow....weird."	1
"This dress stunning for the hourglass figure. the hips may be a little narrow. i bought the 6p and 4p and the 4p fit best. i read some reviews that said the hips were snug. it's true- a little difficult to sit down haha but the dress is so flattering. shoulders are a little loose, and i have pretty broad shoulders and a full chest. i'm 5'4, 32dd, waist 27 and 130 lbs."	1
"Love the colors and design of this lace-printed top but didn't realize it's not lined. the description says its polyester lace with polyester lining so i assumed it was lined and when you look at the photos, there is a lining under the top. the arm holes are slightly cut-in both front and back so it will be rather difficult to find a camisole with thin straps with a similar cut so they don't show. other than that, it's a beautiful, unique summer top."	1
"This top is adorable and looked pretty on, but when i raised my arms the top wanted to rise up and then stay there above the breast level. it didn't settle back into place when i lowered my arms. maybe a larger size would have helped, but then it would have been a boxy fit. i also found it hard to take off, even with the button on the back of the neckline. the length is cropped, so you would want to wear it with a high-waisted skirt or pants. i like the details in the fabric a lot, but i didn't"	1
"This is my favorite pair so far from cartonnier. the side zip dresses up the pants which is something i was looking for and i just love the print. so happy with the quality, i ordered a second pair. fit true to size for me. i plan to wear them with knee high boots as it gets colder."	1
"Love this dress! it fits perfectly, is flattering, and the fabric is high quality. i ordered the blue print, and it is a vibrant turquoise. i may order in the charcoal as well, as this is a comfortable, cute dress for everyday casual. i am 5'7, 135 lbs and the size 4 was perfect, even a tad bit loose, but i prefer a bit loose to tight, especially with the design with the buttons up the front."	1
Absolutely love this dress! fits true to size and makes anyone look fabulous	1
"The print on this top is even more gorgeous in person. the fit was great, and the removable halter strap is always a plus. this swim top, however, doesn't have padding, and the material is slightly thin, so this could cause an issue for some. overall, however, it looked great. for reference, i am an a cup, and purchase the small."	1
"I can see why the other reviewers think this top is huge in the waste - it's wide and not tailored at the waste ! the key to super cute fit is to size down - then it will look like it does on the model in the picture. i went with my regular medium and felt like i was wearing a giant moomoo, so i sized down and it immediately looked like it does on the model in the picture. it's super adorable in person, the collar and the polka dots make this playful yet very dressy and feminine and appropriate"	1
"These crops are very well proportioned and fun. the graphic pattern is spot on trend and the unusual silhouette can spice up your pants options.  i am a fan of cartonnier and these particular pants were surprisingly generously cut in comparison to most of the styles i have. i usually need to order cropped pants in tall, but these worked with the regular inseam."	1
"This is a beautiful dress and it was hard to let it go but, unfortunately, because the fabric is a little stiff, it accentuated my curvy back side in a bad way. it will definitely look great on someone with a smaller bottom. i tried the xs and did not experience the issues that other reviewers mentioned, such as the large arm holes."	1
Love this shirt it has a femine look with a casual style.	1
"This dress is beautiful! runs a little bit large. i usually wear a small or medium. i took the petite small in this dress. i am 5'3"" and ordered in petite sizing and i am so glad that i did. the only complaint that i have is that there is no liner and although the dress has some dark colors, it is very sheer, very see through."	1
"Best beachy summer tunic in the store. can be worn knotted at the hip or worn straight. can be worn over jeans, shorts, a bathing suit, take your pick. wear it with a tank/cami underneath or not. it works wither way. asymmetrical cut. great for us long-legged tall people. fabulous buy. only con is that it's a tad delicate. unfinished hem and loose-knit. will easily snag if you aren't mindful. i recommend hand wash, air dry."	1
I really love this dress. i cannot believe how many people have complimented me on this dress and ask where i bought it. the color is so soft and pretty. the dress is comfortable as well. it looks great with a light pair of wedges.	1
"I was a bit nervous ordering this dress because it had so much going on, but i have to say, it's beautiful on! it's stretchy and super comfortable as well. i usually struggle with tight pencil like dresses, but this is stretchy and super comfy! no riding up on me! i cannot say enough good things about this dress, it's just so flattering and i get so many compliments when i wear it."	1
"I went to the store to try on a jumpsuit and ended up with these instead. while the jumpsuit was really cute, i thought these would be more versatile. as far as i can tell they are the same style as the pradollano tapered loungers by hei hei. these were so cute and comfy i bought both. they can easily be dressed up with a jacket and heels or worn casually with a tee and sandals. i think these are much cuter in person than online. there is a little red design in the pants which is hard to see in"	1
"I tried these on in the store today and fell in love. they fit/drape beautifully and are incredibly comfortable while looking stylish. i'm 5'7"" and 128 lbs. and the 27 (a 4, i guess) fit perfectly. sadly, i can't afford them full price so will keep my eye on them in case they go on sale."	1
This picture doesn't do the skirt justice. i paired it with a creme colored cashmere cowlneck sweater and a silver jeweled belt. it is really pretty and flattering on.	1
"Love love love this jumpsuit! normally i stay away from jumpsuits because i hate to have to completely undress to use the bathroom, but this was too cute to pass up. fits great, extremely flattering to my athletic build, super comfy. it sort of looks like a maxi-dress due to the wide legs. length was perfect. i am 5'3"" and did not have to hem it."	1
"The delicate detail at the neckline on this sweater adds such a pretty yet subtle touch. i layer it with various camis for a different look each time. i ordered the dark yellow and it is a very unique and rich shade, and goes well with so other many colors. looks gorgeous with a mint or aqua cami for a peek a boo effect. classic yet unique! runs very true to size."	1
"I'm 7 months pregnant and bought this dress yesterday, it is perfect! the wrap design makes it possible to expand the skirt and still look cute. i'm 5'3"" bought the small and look forward to wearing this after i deliver as well."	1
"Love this sweater!  lightweight, comfy and does run large.   i usually wear a size 12 or l/xl in sweaters cause i don&#39;t like them to fit tight.  i read reviews and ordered a medium and it&#39;s perfect!  can&#39;t go wrong!  i ordered the red, but am now thinking of ordering the grey one!"	1
"I was very excited to get this piece, but it wasn't quite right for me. very well constructed and nice material, but the open sides were a bit too open toward the front. the top zipper was tough to do on your own."	1
"These are amazing. so comfortable, true to size (i usually wear a 29 in pilcro and ag and bought these in a 29). i have curvy thighs and a smaller waist but didn't get a gap situation with these. the only issue i have is the length. i'm 5'6"" and wish they were a tiny bit shorter. they hit right at the top of my foot so i keep debating if i should cuff them or not, since the length looks more flattering cuffed but then the actual cuff looks a little weird. i bought them in black for work, and now"	1
"This dress is so much prettier in person! it will be great both for work and play, can't wait to pair with booties into fall."	1
Loved the idea of these as soon as i saw them!  great mid weight jean.  a little large in the waist.  the rhinestones sparkle and i received tons of complements when i wore these jeans!  great dressed up or down!	1
"This is a cute top that can transition easily from summer to fall. it fits well, nice print and it's comfortable. i tried this on in the store, but did not purchase it because the color washed me out. this is not the best color for a blonde. would look much better on a brunette. if this was in a different color i most likely would have purchased it."	1
"This dress is probably the most comfortable dress i've ever had! the fabric is very comfortable and breathable, and it flatters my straight body type."	1
The horizontal lines on the skirt and top gives the wearer and very nice dress. i am short so i got the 6 petite and it fits perfectly. the fabric is thick and stretchy.	1
"I'm a 34c and 136 lbs. i bought this jacket in m and it fits perfect! the sleeves are just the right length, it fits through the chest and hips. the leather and other material is super soft! i love the dark brown color, it's just as pictured. like someone else said, you can tuck the hanging material inside the jacket for a sleeker look. this is my new favorite jacket!"	1
"Don't pass this one up ladies....the fabric is casual and relaxed, but the drawstring-like collar gives it class and flirt all at the same time. i paired it with a jersey mini skirt and the way the banding at the waist falls on this top made it look like one whole dress. i can wear this with cropped jeans, shorts, anything! truly a homerun. i'm 5'10"", 138lbs and small fit perfectly."	1
"I got this in a medium, its really big, i added a belt and ir looks alot better, the medium seems like a large, im a size 6 or 8, should have gotten a small, now they are out will use the medium with a belt"	1
"If you're looking for a sweater that's super soft and comfortable, you've found it! you could wear this almost anywhere except for a dressy occasion, but then, of course, you wouldn't wear it with a dress anyway. i wish it came in other colors because i'd buy several. it's on the thin side but not too thin. the only thing that i should mention is that it's not a black black but more of a faded or brownish black which is really obvious with black leggings or jeans."	1
Can't wait to wear this during the holidays. beautiful embroidery and detailing.	1
"36dd, 10/12 in tops, 12/14 in bottoms  very soft and warm sweater, the boucle body almost feels like comfy pajamas! lovely heathered pasted colors as well. i found the large to be too big - the sleeves fit fine as they are a tighter knit, but the body sagged oddly. medium was the best fit."	1
This top is beautiful and the color yellow is gorgeous. i highly recommend!	1
"I totally love this tank! the yoke detailing is so pretty! i read the other reviews...i feel it fits pretty tts, it's what i expected. i have already worn it several times since it arrived in the mail. i love it so much, i'm ordering it in the turquoise color as well. every time i have worn it, i have received compliments. i've worn it alone with shorts and/or jeans, as well as with a cardigan and dress pants for work. it's soft, comfortable and to echo what another review stated, the material s"	1
I love this coat. i would definitely recommend it. i normally wear a size 6 or a medium. i bought my normal size and had to return it for a small. customer service was great and made for an easy online exchange.	1
I bought the lavender one and i'm so glad i did. the sweater looks prettier in person and it's super soft! the back detailing makes this one not your average v-neck sweater. i highly recommend this to anyone!	1
This is a great top so beautiful with bright colors and sheen. my only complaint was i am dd and it was tight so i had to size up!  otherwise my brests would spill up and out!.	1
"I'm a teacher and am always looking for easy to wear pieces that will also work for my job. i also walk in to campus with my backpack, so i need something that looks good but is comfortable.  this dress drapes beautifully, is really soft, and has a wide, flattering neckline. i'm short and chose the regular size instead of petite so that it would hit right at the knee. it's definitely on the generous side: i usually wear an s and i sized down to an xs. i can definitely see getting a lot of wear"	1
"Picked this up end of season sale, but i go to florida a lot so i will still be able to use it. it runs a bit large. i'm usually between a s and m at retailer and i'm a bit heavy right now but the small fit loose and comfortably. i would recommend sizing down if you are between sizes. not itchy but i would wear a cami underneath because it is white and could start to itch after a while i suppose. it's definitely not a soft flowy t. mix of t-shirt material and linen. the main part of the t is cotto"	1
"I started stalking this dress when i saw it on a store's instagram feed, and i was so thrilled to get it in the mail. however, i ordered it before reviews started popping up, and i was concerned it would not fit in the bust. however, when it arrived, the fit is perfect. it's not exactly loose in the bust, but there also isn't any pilling. the high-waisted nature was also suited to my shape. i'm usually between a 4 and a 6, and the 6 was great in this dress, and a perfectly joyful length--appropr"	1
"Love this dress. it's a nice addition to my summer wardrobe. easy to wear. i am between a large and an ex large in dresses. i did order it in a large, it was a perfect fit but did exchange it for an ex large. i wanted it to have little more swing to it."	1
"The heart version is very pretty, i can't speak for the striped one as i have not seen that one in person. i ordered the xxs after trying on the xs, as i felt the petite would be perhaps too short. the xs was a little big on me. the only problem with xxs regular is the sleeves are longer on me, like 3/4 length, not to elbow as shown on model. but i don't want the shirt to be too short so sticking with that size.  for reference, i am 115 lbs, 30dd chest, 26.5 in waist, and short."	1
I read the reviews and because this jacket is pilcro i took a chance. i was thrilled when i rceived this jacket. darker color of denim with weathered edges. i absolutely love it. don't let it get away. great jean jackets are hard to come by.	1
"I never buy anything at retailer full price, but had to get this when i tried it at my local store, especially since it's back ordered for so long. it's very flattering, and super comfortable. fully lined, not see- through at all. elastic waist that's hidden under the sweater top. will be so easy to throw on and dress up for an evening out, or lounge in after a day at the pool or beach. looking at the model pics, i was concerned the arm pit holes came too low, but on me that is not the case. the t"	1
This top is a great addition to your summer wardrobe! it looks great with jeans/jean shorts. it's relaxed and comfortable with a super flattering cut. the straps and low cut in the back add a touch of sexy as well.	1
Loved this so much i bought it in black and in grey. it fits perfectly and it lays awesomely!! i ended up buying the black in medium and the grey in large for a bit of a different look for each. i usually wear a medium or large so i'd say it fits super true to size - just depends on how you want it to fit!	1
Very cute print! love the mix of the colors on this sweater. looks great with jeans!! throw it on over a tshirt and you are set.	1
"This shirt looked plain online, but when i see it in store, i thought it's so pretty! it is the over-sized style, when i tried it on, it's so flattering, even though it is over-sized but it doesn't make you look chunky at all! i got it while it was on sale with extra 25% off! i range from 2 to 6, xs, s for retailer sizes. i got a xs for this top."	1
"I just received these sweaters............couldn't decide which color i liked best....blue and green are my favs. and so i ordered them both! they are a wow ! i am totally in love with both of them. they are sooooooooooooooo beautiful! beyond my wildest expectations! i wear a size 8 and ordered the size 2 and it fits perfectly......a 2 is a size medium per call to retailer before i ordered.....and 1 is small, ad 0 is extra small. this is a bulky, cuddly winter sweater with a touch of glam w"	1
This is a lovely little nightie. i am a size 8 and i bought the medium and it fits perfect. it's soft and lightweight and not as see thru as i thought it would be. very light and airy and the sale price was great!!!	1
I purchased this shirt to wear postpartum so i could easily be comfortable but still cute. it will work well for the fall with some cute jeans and booties. i cannot wait to wear it....any day now!  great choice.	1
"I bought this shirt in the rust color along with the blue/black sweater skirt after seeing it on display in the store. not sure i would have ever put those 2 together but i love the outfit. i'm not much of a shirt-tucker, either, but this shirt works either way. tucked in a skirt or more casual with jeans. my only criticism is the static cling in the front, as mentioned by another reviewer. i had thought of getting it in white, but if it's shear, then maybe not. haven't been wearing a tank under"	1
"Loved the styling, versatility, fit & quality of this top! length was good, not too fitted, perfect piece under cardigans & jackets. will look great with jeans, leggings or skirt. very happy with this purchase."	1
"I absolutely love this skirt! i feel like the color works well for most seasons: you can pair it with a light tee or tank top and some sandals during warmer months, or layer it with a sweater, thick tights and boots in autumn. really nice staple piece for your wardrobe. i do think it runs a bit large: i generally wear a 6 (depending on the brand and style), but this 6 was way too large around my waist by at least a couple inches. i returned it and got a 4, which fit me perfectly. it's nice that"	1
"I have two tracy reese skirts from a few years back that i still wear. so i am favorably disposed to this designer's style and quality. this is a slim fitting skirt, though i ordered it in a 6 and my two others are 8s. so i don't agree with previous review that this skirt runs large. it is nicely fitted and flattering. it does not ride up when sitting, which is almost amazing. i wish the pockets laid a bit flatter. also, on my skirt there is no sewn-in fabric or laundering instructions. none! th"	1
"Easter ??mother's day tea??baby shower?? i'm 5'2"" 120# and ordered a 4p. true to size. beautifully made, flowy, feminine. i can't wait to wear this!"	1
Great trouser pants for summer with pretty jacquard print and neat denim detail at hem and waist band. usually wear a 6 in retailer but went up a size to 8 with these for looser trouser fit. fits my backend nicely which is always a plus. can't wait to wear them!	1
This is an absolutely gorgeous dress that stands out everywhere i go. it runs true to size and has a slimming effect because of the detail running down the sides.	1
Love the buttons because i am currently nursing my 5 month old. easy access. i'm a 32dd 5'9 147 and it fits fine in the top. got a size 4... love how it flows over my pear shaped hips. i thought it was a sunflower print but actually moths! haha very cute. wish i would have waited and got the sale price... bought my it in may for mother's day!	1
"I got this top in white and absolutely love it. the top can be tucked in or worn out, it is very elegant and will go well with skirts as well as pants and even jeans. can't wait to wear it."	1
"Just purchased this coral coat today. the color is beautiful. the quality is excellent and the coat itself is lightweight,great for travel. great purchase and would recommend buying. going to new york and can't wait to wear it . love, love this coat"	1
"I love this top. i got it thinking i'd wear it mostly with jeans but turns out i have worn it with a lot more. it pairs great with cut-off shorts, white jeans, denim jeans. i have worn it tucked in with high waisted jeans for a more polished look and also un-tucked for a more casual look. i get lots of compliments on this top when i wear it. i think it could be worn into fall with a jacket over it. very happy with it!"	1
"This is a basic that i've been looking for for ages. i've never found such a flattering plain white button down shirt before -- everything is either not basic enough, unflattering shape, too masculine, too boring, too wrinkly, or too hard to take care of. this shirt is perfect. it is shaped to flatter, but doesn't have any finicky details. this is just a wardrobe staple, plain and simple. it is going to work hard for me, year round. i have other cloth & stone tops, and have loved them all. their"	1
"Looks better in person than the pictures online. very soft and comfortable. if you are between sizes, size down. it is roomy with a lot of material that drapes in the front. just know that this sweater is short in the back and does not cover your backside."	1
"I just got this shirt the other day at the store. to my surprise i needed a size zero. i usually wear a size 4 or small never that small.  i am 5'4 and a 34dd and it was still a little loose!! i bought the blue and brown color combination. it looked really cute on with a pair of white jeans for summer."	1
"I am a collector of clothes and textiles. that is a passion. this blouse meets all the criteria of something treasured from times past. the roses are almost charles rennie macintosh. i am so happy to own this blouse! it fits perfectly and makes me feel beautiful, stylish in my own style."	1
Far more attractive in person than online. earlier reviews are all accurate. very flattering and quality manufacturing. the scarf bow makes it so distinctive.	1
The design on this dress is so cute. it runs really small. i had to go up from my normal size 4 to a 6. i am not well endowed so the top was great on me. it's looks great on once k got a size that works.	1
"I bought both the small and the medium and seem to be right in between. the small is a tad tight through the shoulders and arms, but the medium feels a bit baggy. it is soft and hangs nicely - i just need to figure out if i will wear it enough to justify the price."	1
This dress is much larger in person than it looks on the model but i absolutley love it! there is an inner tie that helps taper the waist a bit and the material is gorgeous!	1
"This top is cute and could be worn to work or casually. being tall, i love how long this shirt is! definitely recommend!"	1
I loved the color (it is different than in the picture) and texture of this cardigan. it was very soft and comfortable to wear.	1
"It's perfect. perfect fit, long enough to wear leggings and cover my behind. it's perfect."	1
"I originally ordered the peach stripe tee in my normal size, medium. after going to the store and trying another color on in a small i realized i should have sized down. i have since purchased the blue stripe in the smaller size. i love the fit and the colorful stripes of both. great light-weight, casual tee. i love the button details on the shoulder."	1
"This tank is so classic and summery and i never want to take it off. it's very soft, and the fabric is decently thick. it hangs away from the body and has a nice swing to it. it works well for my very straight figure and small chest, but finding the right fit might be problematic for someone more blessed in the chest area than me."	1
"This top is adorable. normally wear small or xs but got xxs based on reviews, and glad i did. still really loose but so cute. would have preferred petite but sold out."	1
This dress is so soft and cozy and pretty.  love the shine and interesting sheen whenever you move.  very comfortable and looks great with a variety of layers. i want to buy more colors but right now i just have the mauve. ordered size m and i'm 38-27-35 #135.	1
I've been looking for a new winter dress and this one fit the order! it's warm yet flattering and i love the color.	1
This shirt makes me feel stylish without trying! i can put this on and feel like a fashion blogger without trying! it is comfortable and fits true to size. it is flattering at the bottom without too much width/peplum.	1
"Bought this in cream in my usual xs/0, (5'7"", 32b, 115lbs). it is a very flattering summer weight cardi which will work well with jeans and maxi dresses this summer. i would point out however that the sleeves are very snug - if you don't have thin arms then you may have to consider sizing up. i stuck with the xs even though i had to carefully pull the arms on because the s was just a little looser in the back. the sleeves are meant to be form fitting but i think they have been designed a little"	1
"Love the look of this poncho - which is not as large/billowy as i thought it would be. i tried it on as a whim in the store and fell in love. the colors are more beige than gray, for those of you with pale/blue underdone complexions. it may wash you out. love the orange knit running through to give it a little pop. i'm 5'9""/132 pounds, and the hem was a bit cropped on me. may want to consider a tank top or t-shirt underneath."	1
"Great, light weight sweater. very simple and soft from the front and the back is adorable."	1
"Stunning, beautiful, elegant, comfortable and all silk!  the print is very mesmerizing, as are all the hemant & nandita pieces i own.  i'm shocked that there aren't more reviews.  i found this fit perfectly on my body, skimming over my flaws and keeping my temperature moderate.  i am 5'3"" 140# 39-28-35 and purchased size mp.  please retailer, offer the other versions of this dress as shown on the uk retailer site."	1
"Wonderful print and color. dress style is very boxy and oversized, fabric is great but has no drape."	1
"Love! i wish this came in additional motifs! hits at hip, i have a long torso, perfect for high rise skinny jeans and sandals."	1
Comfortable and true to size. it fits more fitted on the top and very swingy/flowy on the bottom. i got a petite and the length was perfect. if you like to wear very high heels you may want to go with a regular as its a tad short.	1
"This reminds me of a kimono or poncho rather than a ""cardigan"" but that aside its a beautiful sweater. the feel of it is luxurious and is soft and comfortable. i would size down at least one size. i'm usually a medium to large and i bought the small. i gave this piece 4 stars because it is a touch boxy. it's seems like a piece i'll throw on with jeans and wear to a casual dinner in the fall. definitely a fall/winter item."	1
"Gorgeous baby blue lace is a must see. i received many compliments. my only gripe is that i don't love when shirts have those connecting camisoles (which make it harder to put on) as i would much rather just have a sewn in lining, but it didn't deter me. i am 5'5"", 135lbs, 34c, muscular/curvy frame and a size 4 fit perfectly."	1
Super cute! no complaints! fun print! light weight soft material!	1
"I love the greenish option, beautiful color. the fabric super soft, and like the peek thru openings on the arms - they call it lace, but it's not really. i'm 5'9 and 140 lbs, medium was good. it is long, but it is what i wanted so works for me."	1
I wear this vest a lot for it is really cozy and goes with a lot of different types of outfits! it's is versatile and figure flattering. i only buy timeless pieces that i know won't go out of style and this vest fits the bill!	1
"This dress is gorgeous! the color is perfect for spring/summer. the dress does run wide/loose. i read reviews before ordering and i am glad that i did. i am usually a petite size, but the reviews recommended going with the regular due to length and the design at the bottom (and wanting to be able to bend over comfortably). i am 5'2 and about 116lbs. i ordered the 2 regular and it worked well. i received many compliments!"	1
This is an adorable little top. the tank has such beautiful detailing on the chest. the flowers are more red than pink. i found it to be tts on me.. the tank is flowy and loose.	1
"Such an adorable top. very flattering despite it's rather full style. just be sure you get the correct size since it does indeed run quite large. i normally wear a small, sometimes medium. i ordered both sizes to be sure but they were both too large! i sized down to xs and that fit perfectly."	1
"The photos don't do the top justice. the split back is very unique and adorable. i typically take a size 8 in tops, but ordered a 12 since a reviewer suggested it was narrow in the shoulders. the 12 shoulder fit perfectly, but the body is way too big -- i was swimming it in. i like it enough that i'm going to visit the tailor to take in the body. with the sale price, it is worth tailoring."	1
Beautiful top for summer. love the yellow under the thin white fabric. the photo is good representation. running big.	1
"This is very cute. it's lined, it's smocked. it's longer on me than the model in the picture. i was a bit concerned about the short length but the skirt actually came to just above my knees, which works well for me. it might run a tad big because it is a pull of skirt. i look forward to wearing this light weight skirt on hot days his summer!!"	1
"This beautiful dress is the perfect style for fall. when i first picked this up, i was surprised by how heavy it felt. there is so much embroidery i thought the dress was lined with another layer. however, the fabric is not stiff. there are numerous exquisite details including a button up bodice, additional embroidery on the skirt and ladder lace on the sleeves.    i sized up to l because of my heavy back/shoulders/upper arms. sizing up does make the bodice of the dress look a tad wider but n"	1
"I was leary about ordering this but absolutely loved it when it arrived!  i found out the front could be the back and the back could be the front - reversible, right?  and the styling of the shirt was very complimentary to my body."	1
"Got this style in both black and green. the fabric is soft and the neck design is very elegant! i am 5'3, 120lbs, 34dd bra and take this in size small."	1
"Oh this skirt is gorgeous but i feel it runs small in the waist!! i'm sending it back and ordered up- i'm happy i did as today it's sold out. beautiful and vibrant colors, very well made- just wish some of the retailer sizes wouldn't run on the smaller side!!!"	1
Great sweater but it was just a little too short on me so it is going back. it is extremely fuzzy and soft though.	1
"I love the neckline on this - sharp enough for work, but cute for a fun night out too. only complaint is it's soooo flowy on the bottom. i could hide a baby under here for sure. i got the medium thank goodness or it would have been ridiculous. i'm 5'8, 160lbs. great for fall."	1
This is a great looking top in person. i've worn this with jeans or skirts for different looks and it's cute both ways. i would order a size up though as it is not a flexible fabric so the shoulders/chest area need a little room to move comfortably.	1
"I had to order this dress three times to get the correct size. ordered a petite which worked great. i really like the dress now that i found the size that fits best. love the color! perfect for so many occasions, church, special events and dinner out. great with flats and wedges. i know i will be wearing it lots this summer. did i mention i love the color! worth repeating."	1
"This top caught my eye in store because of the fabric texture and light gray color. i wasn't too sure i'd like the cut on the bottom, but the neckline was so lovely i thought i'd try it out. i went with a small which is my usual (if not extra small) and loved it as soon as i put it on. the shape is very flattering, even with my post baby figure. i definitely think that it's better in person than in the photos online. and the price seems very good for a lovely sweater that's both classic and mode"	1
"I like this sweater but i'm not in love. the rib knit on the sleeves are too form fitting (not restrictive) on my chubby arms so it doesn't look flattering when i wear long sleeves. i do appreciate the mixed patterns and the soft moss colorway, it's very pretty together. i purchased the medium petite and the length looks good. maybe i need the large because of my body type. i'll give it another chance when my paquerette gets here"	1
I bought this top after seeing it featured on a style blog. i was really excited to wear it until i realized how see thru it was. i had to put a cami underneath which detracted from the beauty of the top. even my flesh toned bra showed thru so i sadly had to return it.	1
"I bought this item in green and then ordered it in red. very comfortable fabric and flattering by itself or over leggings. these tunics will be staple in my closet. i normally wear a medium in retailer dresses, but i ordered a small to have it a bit more fitted instead of baggy. good decision!"	1
"I just love this dress - so comfortable and flattering. maeve has had some great dresses this summer, but this one may be my favorite. this one could easily been worn in to fall with a sweater or jacket."	1
Nice top that can be worn alone or underneath a sweater. can be dressed up or down and worn in all seasons.	1
Looks professional but wears like a sweater! so comfy!	1
"This cardigan/sweater/jacket is splendidly soft, wonderfully warm and super stylish. i wear it with a navy pencil skirt or leggings. this piece will be timeless."	1
I love this top! the length is just right and i love the flow of it!	1
"Love this henely, the lace-up is cute. the shirt is comfy. so versatile. beach coverup or over jeans"	1
"Stunning! bought it today and i love it! it runs big. i'm usually a xs/s and went with the xs and it's perfect. flowy and comfy. i'm 5'4"" 132lbs. great for summer and i think will transition great into fall with a cardigan."	1
These little shorts have become my favorite. they are so sweet and feminine and very comfortable. the fabric washes very well	1
"Fun outerwear for the fall. the color is a bit more grey than the photo shows (at least on my screen), but i still think it'll go with a lot."	1
"I bought this for an upcoming late-september seaside trip because it looked like it would be warm enough for cooler nights, but not too warm because of the open weave. i just received it yesterday, and i adore it. i got the pink color and was really torn between the green and the pink. i was hoping the pink would look more beige from far away (per one of the other reviews) and i was happy that it does. up close you can really see the pink, but from an arm's length away or more, it looks beige wi"	1
"I bought this blouse in black in december of 2015. like other reviewers noted, it has a bit of an odd fit with the lace being a bit constrictive across the bust and raising arms. it wasn't a deal breaker because i loved the look of the blouse. however, i just purchased this blouse in the new color blue in july of 2016 and i'm happy to say the blue color is looser and i have no problems with the lace being constrictive around the bust or arms.  - the blue blouse i just purchased is definitely l"	1
"This top is very cute. the fit is great and the material is very comfortable. i am a 5'7, 135 lbs and wear a 36d and the medium fit great!"	1
Lovely drape and design. true to size. more of a muted crimson/brick color.	1
"I really love this tee! but, the fit can be boxy so i ordered it online in a size 0 and am very happy with how it fits me. i've worn it with skinny jeans and have gotten complimented repeatedly."	1
"I never write reviews but this dress is so fantastic i felt compelled to write one. it has unbelievably gorgeous detailing, from delicate beading and sequins on the bodice to the three layers of the skirt: slip, floral pattern, pleats. i literally feel like a princess/ greek muse in this dress. can't recommend it enough. true to size; i'm 5'7"" and 133 lb and got a size 4."	1
"For me a good pencil skirt makes me feel so ladylike. i love eva franco pencils but be warned they are designed to be a tight fit through the tush. i wear a 12 and i ordered the 12 in this skirt. the pouch another reviewer pointed out seems intended to be a pocket, but because the skirt fits me pretty snugly it doesn't stick out when i walk and sit. the fabric does seem like it would snag easily so i'll choose accessories thoughtfully. for reference i have a 33"" waist and 42"" hips."	1
Cute top; somewhat sheer but color and fit are great. fits slim but true to size.	1
"I missed out on the sherpa vest in caramel last year and didn't want to miss out again - can't wait to wear this when it gets chilly. i am between a s & m but the small was very comfortable. it could be easilly layered over a thicker item, or a t-shirt as pictured. so glad i picked this one up."	1
"Gorgeous embroidering and feel -- very soft for wool. this is a lot lighter than more jackets but with good layering can be worn in the winter. i'm 5ft tall and 150 lbs, curvy and hourglass; this hugs my curves beautifully in a size small and gives me a feminine shape. it runs up to my knees and the sleeves are a bit long which will be hemmed soon. i wanted the petite but it was sold out, honestly this is perfect minus the arms. the quality is gorgeous -- so soft and inviting to wear. it runs la"	1
"Cute, basic white shirt with nice detail. i love meadow rue and this is another great shirt from them. while i love it, i wish it were just a little bit softer (i am a sucker for soft things). however, i am keeping the shirt and it will be great for work or play."	1
"Very nice design and color (beige). however, i am 5'1"", 118# (athletic# and i thought the petite small was a bit too short #even for this cut) and just a bit too tight in the upper arms when wearing over a light-weight long sleeve dress. may work well over sleeveless. will see if a regular small fits better, but then the sleeves will be too long and not easily hemmed like the petite sleeves can be. the fabric is a bit felty for a boiled wool, but not a deal breaker."	1
"A bit wide in the torso, but the detail at the bottom of shirt makes up for it."	1
"This skirt is really cute. it's body conscious but not tight. the material is soft and stretchy, making it flattering and comfy. while it's smooth in the back, the draping in the front could hide tummy issues. as another reviewer said, you can dress this skirt up or down. i typically wear a s/4 in bottoms at retailer and the s fit tts. also, i love the different take on the high-low hem."	1
"I love mixed media clothing, and this is no exception. i fell in love with this right away, and after being torn between the two colors, opted for the rose. it's very gorgeous in person - midweight and very soft. however, as soon as i put it on, i noticed the knit sides truly flare out; they don't lay nicely like on the model. it could be because of my large chest (36dddd), but everything below the chest seems to widen me. it might work better on someone with a straighter build or smaller chest."	1
"I tried this in the store a few weeks ago when it just came out because i loved the neutral design and look of it and came back the following week to purchase it with my discount code because it really is worth it... _______ pros: - true a-line silhouette. if you have curves and hips like i do (5'9, 36c, hourglass, 165 lbs), then this skirt will flatter you completely. there's a lovely swing to the dress and it drapes wonderfully because it's a thicker fabric. - runs tts. i can normally wear"	1
"This is a find! i am always on the hunt for a unusual lbd so when i found this on a ""found and collected rack"" i went for it. for starters, i am 5 foot almost 6 inches, and it the length ends just about the same place on this model. i usually wear a size 2 but when i tried on the size available in the store (oo), i felt i only needed a bit higher sizing bc i am small in the chest. i am barely a size 34 a and probably a 30d at best, and i barely can squeeze my chest into this dress at this size!"	1
"I bought this dress because it looked sooo comfy. and it is! the fabric feels nice and it fits loose without feeling like a burlap sack. it's perfect for running around town for errands. i actually didn't think my boyfriend would like it because he generally likes more form-fitting pieces (yes, big surprise) but he actually commented out of the blue that it's really sexy. comfy *and* sexy?! score!"	1
"This dress is really sweet and flows well. i love the fabric, and the colors are soft. this dress is perfect for hot summ days and is so comfortable. you could dress it up with fun sandals or simple wear flip flops. i love how the seam around the bodice drops lower in the back, it's very flattering. i bought a small."	1
"I decided to try this dress on based on the other reviewer's positive words, and i wasn't disappointed! it's so cute and stylish. i plan to wear with black boots. i'm 5'6"", 120 lbs, 34c, wear a 2 or 4, and i got a 4. one thing - at the waist, the pattern breaks a bit and doesn't match perfectly. i tried on a second dress and liked its pattern more than i did that of the first i tried."	1
"This piece is a winner solely b/c of the sleeves. otherwise, it's a plain, large tee. however, the sleeves are gorgeous and so unique! had they had my size left, i would have purchased in other colors (i got pink). it runs large, so size down."	1
Fun blouse for spring with enough details to make it unique and dressy. very comfortable fit. banded bottom which is loose enough to still be comfortable. dresses up a pair of jeans quite nicely!	1
This is a pretty tunic but it just didn't look right on me. the colors are nice and you can easily hide body flaws.	1
"I've been waiting for this dress to come back in stock and when it finally did i got it in the size 2. i'm typically a 2 or 4 in dresses and the 2 fits perfect. for reference i'm 5'6, 34c, 130lb. i think it runs on a larger size because it's a shift dress. i would recommend sizing down. a great white dress to wear to my rehearsal dinner!"	1
Although they didn't have any sizes left for me when i got to the store to buy it. they sent it for free and it arrived in one day it was awesome :-)	1
"I generally wear a small or medium in tops, and decided to get the medium/large. it's over-sized, but it lays very nicely and doesn't look ""frumpy"". the back of the shirt is exactly as it looks in the picture. the front of the shirt is more of a solid blue than is shown, but still lovely."	1
"I fell in love with this vest  the minute i saw it on the hanger.  it runs true to size and the material is excellent quality .  it looks great with jeans and a tee and also something dressier. i wore it over a navy blue wide-leg jumpsuit, and it looked truly amazing!  i  received so many compliments!  i also purchased the lace tie up top that it is featured with and can't wait for that to come in."	1
"Great fit in waist, hips and butt. i wore them all day and they did not stretch out.  i am tall but the length of the jeans with the cuff is a tiny bit past my ankle bone. i want it just above the ankle bone so i am re-doing the cuff slightly and then i must send these to my tailor to close the cuff completely. they look silly when the big cuff isn't at least tacked in place. perhaps by design they were left this way so each of us buyers could find the proper length and close the cuff ourselves."	1
"This top is so cute. i don't usually like crochet tops, but when i saw this i just had to order it, so glad i did! my only complaint is that one of the button hooks broke, but that can be fixed."	1
"This is my favorite find of the fall. i got the mustard color and it is wonderful.   very soft, nice shape, unique design. i am usually between a medium and large in tops, but i found that the medium was a little too short for my liking.  (i am  5 ft 8 in tall).  even sizing up, it's far too short for me to wear as a dress as some others had mentioned, but looks great with jeans and boots. the large is perfect!!"	1
Fit is tts and comfortable. the color didn't suit mine but if the color works for you then grab it because it's a beauty	1
I actually bought this dress last year and they made another one in a similar dark floral which i also bought--because i love this dress so much! i wish they would make a different pattern--i'd buy a third one! the online picture does not do any justice to this dress. fits like a dream---soooo flattering. modest but not matronly at all. flows beautifully. i have received tons of compliments every single time i wear this dress. this dress is absolutely lovely. please make this in another pattern!	1
"This is even nicer in person than it is online. i absolutely love it. i am 5' 5"" and 128 lbs. and ordered my usual size small. i probably could have worn an extra small, but don't feel like the small is too big. this could be my favorite purchase of the season."	1
"I was skeptical about this duster and had to see it in person, and it was love at first sight. the black and white makes it versatile, and the pattern makes it interesting and fashion forward. more importantly, the pattern is cleverly designed which doesn't compete with your wardrobe should you wear a bright color or a similar pattern (as shown on model). i purchased the regular xs/s and it fit me fine (i'm 5'2"", 34b, 26 waist, and 36 hips) and the hem falls about two inches below my knees. the"	1
"Love this romper. fits perfectly, and looks like the picture. i'm 5 ft 7, 125 lbs, and usually am a size 4 or small. i ordered a small, and it fits beautifully. i've worn this a lot this summer in florida, and am getting a lot of compliments. don't be put of by the long sleeves for summer wear- the romper is loose enough and has a nice flow to it."	1
"This was my first time to try this brand and they fit so well and are super comfortable. i love the pockets also. i am 5'1, 108 and i got a 2p and they fit just right."	1
"This vest is so cute and a perfect transition piece for fall. it runs a little big. i normally wear an xs, but i had to exchange for an xxs"	1
"Always get compliments when i wear these pants (my mom has the exact same pants and loves them too). they are great for work and transitioning to go out after. i like my pants tight, but these run a little small."	1
"I love my new dress! it is comfy, classy and so easy to wear! you can dress it up or down with ease. i'm looking forward to seeing more styles from this designer. i hope soon!! don't miss out on this dress. it's a must have for your wardrobe!"	1
"This will be a great go to piece with leggings and boots for winter and to transition into spring with wedges. i purchased the blue stripe and the multi stripe with the intention of returning one but i liked them enough to keep both. the quality of material is great and super soft and i love the little snap detail on the sleeves. i am 5' 7"", and most always wear a size medium and it fit perfect. the dress hit right above the knee but not too high so i can wear the dresses with or without tights."	1
"This top is very pretty and you can definitely wear it without a cami with a nude bra if you're an outgoing person, especially for a summer evening. my only confusion is the too high neckline. if it was just a little lower, it would look and feel less ""chokey."" i keep wanting to pull it down. i'm a size 0 and needed the xxs which fits like most people's xs's as sizing continues to get bigger. really lovely except for the neckline. looks great over white or colored shorts and is a nice mix of cas"	1
"This dress is everything i love about retailer. a never-could-have-guessed-it, feminine, textured twist on a classic. it's beautiful, it's comfortable. the cut is true to size (for me) and figure flattering."	1
"Wow... great top, i have all the colors now. wow like them all. great weight cozy but not too heavy. nice that no pilling either! love it."	1
"I loved this skirt on but just the other reviewers, it runs small in the waist throwing off the dimension of the skirt. i ended up getting the 0 despite the fact that it was tighter in the waist because the 2 at this length (with my height) and amount of material became overwhelming on me. it would have looked better in a slightly shorter cut as another reviewer stated as well."	1
"This dress is perfect for spring and early summer. it has some weight to it and so it drapes beautifully. it is very well made and the fabric is good quality. the color is a medium color gray; much prettier than in the picture. i wear a small in most retailer dresses and this fit perfectly in a small. it hugs in all the right places and skims from the hips just like in the picture.. the length was just as it looked on the model. i am 5' 5""."	1
I bought these in a few different colors because they are so comfortable and perfect for summer. they fit true to size if you want a more relaxed fit. i sized down for one pair for a more fitted look.	1
"So soft and pretty, but the fit is off on me. i'm an xs/0 and the seam on this hits right across my bust. with the 3/4 length sleeves it makes the whole thing look like it shrunk in the wash. on my pre-teen daughter however it looks perfect, so i guess i'd say size up if you have boobs!"	1
"This top is adorable, especially the grey check. timeless staple, with a modern & cute update. i agree with 2nd reviewer; i don't think this blouse pulls or is tight in the chest. i'm also a 34d, i got a small, it fits perfectly & i wear it all the time - i think it's great for every season. very flattering, the peplum hits at just the right spot and defines the waist. i get compliments all the time. i pair it with cropped sweaters when it's cold. the grey does seem a bit higher quality; the blu"	1
"This skirt is unique yet versatile and gorgeous. everything about this skirt works: dazzle balanced out with softness and midi length. the twirly width shows off the skirt in a subtle way, and super comfortable. no petite 2 left so i purchased a regular 2 and it fits perfectly (i am 5ft2in, 26 waist, 36 hips), the hem falls about 2in. longer than shown on the model. this skirt is sold out fast, no surprise. it flatters all body types at all ages. get ready for lots of compliments!"	1
"I love wide-leg linen pants and i'm always in the market for them. i've purchased these in two colors and have been happy with them so far. the waistband is fold-over and snug. not too tight or too loose. the length is longer than advertised. i'm 5'10"" and typically take a 33.5 or 34"" inseam. these are long enough for me so they have to be a 33"" at least. others may complain, but i'm happy!"	1
"I tried on this jumpsuit on a whim and bought it immediately. finding a jumpsuit for my body type is hard (small chest, rounder in the middle and hips like whoa) but i have to say this one is ridiculously flattering. love the quality and feel of the fabric. i've worn it both braless and with a bandeau and have not needed to wear a shirt underneath, but then again it isn't a piece i plan to wear to work. i'm usually a sz 8/10 and got the medium regular which is perfect. i'm 5'5 and the bottom hit"	1
"I am powerless to resist hot air balloons and had to get these the moment they popped up! the pjs are charming and comfortable. the material feels very satiny. it's hard to tell, but there are small white dots in the midst of the champagne colored background. true to size."	1
"I saw the neutral motif in the ""there's only one left"" hanger in the store and tried it on. it's very pretty, cute and sweet. i wish the bottom flares out a bit more like a baby-doll look, but that's just my preference. i tried on size 2 and it's a bit tight in the chest area (i'm 5'2"", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips), so i think size 4 would fit very well. despite the pretty flower design, in my personal opinion, i think the price does not justify a pretty basic tank top and fabric."	1
"I was a little wary of this top but decided to try anyway. so glad i did. the style is great and the fabric is lightweight and comfy. i debated between the blue and the honey and ended up with the honey. it is just so different yet such a nice neutral. i am normally a size 10 (or maybe a large 8) in tops and purchased this in size 6. it definitely runs large. for reference i am 5'6"", 145 lbs, 34dd. not sure why another reviewer said this top isn't for large busts. it was very flattering on me an"	1
"So happy with this top. i love the fabric, the colors and the flowy fit!  definitely recommend!"	1
"I was looking for a cute going out top that was age-appropriate (40yo). i read other reviews that it ran large so i got xxs regular (xs not available) for reference, i am 5'2"" and 95 pounds but semi-broad in the shoulders.  i was wary of the poly fabric but it is surprisngly nice and drapes well- easy care for sure. doesn't look cheap at all. when worn on the shoulders, the elastic is tightish, but maybe i could have gone to xs if they had it but at least i know the xxs won't fall/slide.   i"	1
"I am in love with this top. it is so feminine and cute. i wear it with skinny jeans and tall boots and feel so pretty!! i got the cream color. i wish there were more solid colors. i usually wear a medium, which is what i ordered, and i love how it fits. i like flowy tops so it is perfect. please make solid colors!!!"	1
"These are a great dark wash and they fit true to size to every other stevies i own. for reference i am 5'6"", 145lbs, size 6/m and the 29 fit perfect. they are a bit long but i fold them up and it looks just as cute. i highly recommend especially since they are on sale, definitely a closet staple."	1
Size down on this top. bought it online and when i took out of the packagei quickly put it back in. you could have put 4 of me in the xs. i think even an xxs would be huge. extremely boxy!! i recommend it only if you can find the correct size.	1
"I saw this vest at my local retailer store over the weekend and decided to try it on. i am typically an xs at retailer and the xs fit perfectly. i can't wait to wear this during the spring and summer. it's really lightweight and soft which i love. i purchased the copper color, and would consider the color in the photo to be very true. this was definitely a splurge, but i am overall very happy with my purchase. i highly recommend it!"	1
"I don't like how short it is in the back. i also prefer a solid vs. slubby material,  back it goes."	1
Love this t-shirt....i will be wearing this until it wears out. very soft; great fit; and very comfortable....	1
"I bought this shirt yesterday for 30% off the sale price. i usually wear a m. the store only had s and i didn't want to pay for shipping, so i bought the smaller size. it was loose through the body, tight in the arms. you could size down if you need to. but if you have large arms, i would get your normal size or get one larger. the arm fabric does not have much give. the shirt dips low in the front and back, so it has ample coverage for your mid section. it also would accommodate just about any"	1
Love this coat! super soft and cozy!! did not realize the sleeves are built in to the jacket. wasn't too excited at first but once i tried it on i fell in love. great quality!	1
"This maeve dress caught my eye for its unique styling, and did not disappoint in person. v-neckline is deep, but not revealing. there is a nice hemstitch detail on the sleeve trim. the pattern is a good scale for a strong frame. what surprised me: 1.) the dress is actually black with light brown flowers. on my screen, it looked brown with bronze flowers. 2.) there are pockets in this unlined dress! they are placed on-seam, but feel weirdly awkward to access, almost as if they are set back. they"	1
These tanks are perfect for working out! they have big armholes so could work with a bralette but probably not a normal bra. the material is soft but they do shrink in th wash	1
My husband bought me these joggers for a retreat i went on. they are so comfortable and really cute. i am usually a size 4 and the size small fit great with some room.	1
"I love ag jeans. these jeans fit snug but not confining. they have some stretch to the material so that you can move with ease. i love the way they fit my body with one exception. unfortunately they did not have the petite available so the length is about 3 to 4 inches too long on my 5'3 frame. the dark blue makes it acceptable for casual friday (yay). i am 5'3 102lbs and even though i will have to hem them, the overall fit was great!"	1
"Very comfortable, fit over my muscle-y and flabby arms! very pretty."	1
"I love this dress. the pockets are great and the fabric is very soft and similar to other cloth and stone garments. i also love it's made in the usa. my only wish is that the chambray version was as great. (it's not - the pockets are cut bad, it's cut smaller in the chest, and made in china)"	1
"This is a lovely pencil skirt that is well-made and really brightens a work day. like a lot skirts with multiple colors, a lot of tops feel like they should match but you have to try a few that really work with the skirt and your look to get the right impact."	1
"I originally bought this in medium, my normal size. when it arrived, it was absolutely huge, like wearing teepee. i took it back to the store, and re ordered a small, in the black, and now it fits great. this is a great shirt, but giving four stars due to the inconvenience."	1
Very comfy versatile skirt. the fabric is soft and stretchy that feels really nice on. i live in hawai'i so i like having skirts to wear that work well with the climate but not typical of the fashion out here. the pleating is very flattering and the skirt layer underneath makes it wearable to work.	1
These jeans fit very well and of good quality . i think they need to be broken into a bit like most new jeans. overall i am happy with my purchase!	1
"Another great whimsical print by maeve! as of late, this brand has really fallen all over the board for me, but this top had the right fabric, fit, and pattern to hold onto the parrot print. it looks great loose or tucked in. the parrot print has plenty of accent colors to make this match with many things. cute!"	1
"This is a great summer dress. i bought this dress in both l and xl because this brand varies. i kept the l because the fit was better. the xl was wider and had larger armholes the fabric and colors are beautiful. lots of compliments, it is lined, highly recommend."	1
"The linen- cotton blend breathes so well for a hot summer day! the design on the waistline is super cute and yes they are a little long in the leg but that can be a plus+ for vertically challenged girls like me. wedges and platforms are perfect to show off the soft drape of the pant legs. now that they're on sale, i'm snatching up other colors, like white and light khaki- already have the seersucker blue pair!"	1
This shirt is even prettier in person. it's really flowy but still very flattering.	1
"This blouse drapes and floats lightly like a dream. the dark black patterned top is not see-through which means you can easily wear it without having to layer. the length covers past your hips and the pattern is flattering.  the doubled-up buttons makes the blouse unique and it's comfortable enough to wear to work or with jeans from late summer into fall."	1
"Good quality, cute and great color as pictured. perfect for leggings or tight ankle pants."	1
"Based on the first person's review, i ordered a l at first... then i got it and it kinda fit like a maternity shirt and looked a bit too baggy/sloppy, not as flattering as the picture. i tried using the measurement guide below, based on the bust measurement, and i'm at the low end of the m size, so i ended up ordering the m and s just in case. the s size fit like the picture. i'm glad this isn't slim in the waist and fitted nicely in the shoulders. the blue color is beautiful. if you are more of"	1
"I am 5'1"" and 120lb with curves and muscles. i am tiny and slim but i have t & a in spades, a 34c and a bubble but. that said. this dress made me look tall and lithe. i took the xs petite because the xs the fringe was too long on the bottom. there is plenty of blouse on the top to accommodate the ""girls"" and you can pull the dress up or down to make it more blousy or more of a fitted column dress, to your preference. it's more of an antique ivory color and beautiful with gold or silver sandals."	1
"I came across this in the store and immediately fell in love with it. the online photos just don't do it justice! i bought the white version because the little pops of red in the details and the dobby weave are so sweet and unique.   a size 0 fit perfectly. the fabric is a bit sheer, so be prepared to wear a cami underneath. very light, airy, and comfortable!"	1
"I have wanted a fleece jacket for ages (for warmth and practicality), but i'm not the sporty type. this is the perfect alternative! i got it in wine and use it over a cardigan and dress or jeans. it is a lovely color and passes as wool. this is one of the best things i've ever purchased at retailer. highly recommended. btw, it runs quite big. i'm generally a medium to large but the small is perfect on me."	1
"Adorable! great for yoga or everyday use. can even fit a strapless bra under with no showing(i purchased the black). i'm 5'4"", usually a 6-8 and it fit great."	1
"I wasn't sure what to expect with these pants. i couldn't figure out from the pictures what the material would actually be like. is it jersey? is it french terry? is it more traditional sweatshirt-type material? nope, turns out, they're like wearing pants made out of a fuzzy, flecked sweater. or like the thickest, loosest sweater-knit tights ever. surprise! they are the strangest pants i've ever owned, for sure, but i actually really like them. they're super comfortable and cozy warm. slightly i"	1
"Cloth & stone has to be one of the best brands at retailer! they consistently produce versatile, comfortable and quality pieces time and again. off the shoulder is back and here to stay, and without a doubt, this is one of the best i've tried on. the denim is a perfect, summery shade, but will transition well into fall with some darker denim or black jeans. i am 5'7, shoulders that are neither narrow nor broad, and a little busty - i got a size m and it fits great. i absolutely love my shir"	1
"Love the style and cut of this top, but fabric is quite thin. tts if not a tad on the small side. i'm small busted so my usual medium was fine. undecided if i'm keeping this top or not."	1
"This shirt can look very elegant thanks to the nice duffs and hidden button line. the material is pleasantly substancial and very soft. the only thing i did not like is that the bottom button broke it two pieces the tirst tme i buttoned it. no spare buttons included, but as the buttons are not visible i think i can find a similar one to replace it. not big enough of an issue to return,"	1
"I needed to write a review only because i feel like the dress is getting a bad rap by other reviewers. it is a loose, flowy, swing dress. i typically wear structured fit and flare dresses, but i do love a feminine, loose, casual dress from time to time too. this totally fit the bill. it is true to size, fitted on the arms, loose and swingy everywhere else. i got the peach color and love it. the cotton slip underneath is very comfortable too. i ordered the sp and it hits just above my knees in th"	1
I ordered this dress online and did not realize it had beaded details on the bodice... gorgeous dress - perfect for festival season.	1
A little treat for me. i work from home and am sick of all my boring tops. this is a comfy little updo number.	1
"This dress is even more gorgeous in person! i had seen in the spring catalog but liked it even more when i spotted it at my local store. i have been searching for the perfect ivory crochet or lace dress each summer for the past few years. i think i have finally found ""the one'! i should note i am 5'9"" and this dress goes all the way to my knees. it may swallow someone on the shorter side."	1
Purchased this in green and love the color. it drapes well - not too long on me and hung just past my hips. it has very thin sleeves as other review mentioned to cannot wear anything bulky underneath. overall very happy with this purchase.	1
"I have another sanctuary vest similar to this one and decided i needed to snag this one in the moss green. it's so pretty and it's extremely versatile. i'm 8 months pregnant and it's been a fun vest to wear over a tank with a necklace. i can see this piece working for all seasons. if the other color would have been available, i would have grabbed it, especially at the sale price. you can't beat it! the only downside to this vest is that compared to my other medium sanctuary vest, this one is a b"	1
"This is a beautiful top. i purchased this in the green/moss color. it's reminds me of a vintage looking blue-green. it fits generously, has more of a swing style to it. i love it! i think it is romantic and feminine. glad i made the purchase. simply beautiful."	1
"I purchased in store to avoid shipping costs. my local stores don't carry xxs, so they are mailing it to me. i usually wear an xs, but it was roomier than i cared for and made it look a bit sloppy on me. this tee is more distressed looking in person than online, as well. i wish it were more refined because the neckline is very feminine & interesting; i would have liked the ability to dress it up more. also, the solid blue and coral are lighter in color than they appear on my monitor. the blue st"	1
"The perfect striped t-shirt, and the cute little buttons down the front are a wonderful accent with each one being different. i love it!"	1
"I love this top soooooo much! i love straps and i love tops that will show some of my sports bra in the back, since i tend to buy some that have some strappiness. i love that this top has it all-it is lightweight, and it has some character so it is more attractive than an everyday kind of workout top. it is comfortable, even for classes like body pump where you are constantly moving your arms. i love that the colors are not bold, i am sick of neon!!!!"	1
I love this little topper. it is very comfortable. it looks elegant.	1
"I love this designer so i grabbed at this shirt immediately. unlike their other items, this shirt is linen. it's a great cut and very flattering once you iron it. the only problem i found was that as i wore it throughout the day, she shirt became wrinkled and misshapen to the point where it ballooned out around my stomach."	1
Like the other reviewer said it&#39;s hard to get on and i had to size down like i often do at retailer. but it&#39;s so pretty and it&#39;s not too short like most rompers. we host thanksgiving every year and i&#39;m so excited to find an alternative to a dress/pants so i can work &amp; cook in style.	1
Love this sweater. i wore it to work with leggings and a long sleeved shirt underneath. it lays nicely.	1
"Bought this top on a whim on a tops sale and am really glad i did. it's a nice two-in-one piece that can be dressed up for the office with a blazer or down with jeans and a sweater. striped portion of the shirt is a ponte stretchy material. i am 5'5"", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and the small was perfect and even roomy (i don't like things too tight)."	1
"This piece is gorgeous in person. it is more of a broen than taupe and goes with everything... it is more of a coat than a sweater. i bought one for my mom, and picked one up for myself when it went on sale. it is moms favorite piece among her extensive retailer collection."	1
"I'm 60+, in relatively decent shape, 135 lbs, and size 6 is perfect. i went for the regular rather than petite sizing, which came well below my knees, and although i would usually have a sheath dress like this hemmed up to that slim part right at the bottom of the knee, the slim silhouette shape served to lengthen the profile as a longer dress, so i left it about 3"" below the knee. the stretch allows it to hug the body, and with the right undergarments, it is super comfortable and attractive. go"	1
"Just bought this top today at our local store. it's just gorgeous on. i'm a 34dd and bought the size small and it fits perfectly. if you're small chested, you can probably size down as it runs nice and full for a larger bust. it's so feminine and pretty on. a must for any wardrobe."	1
"I initially purchased this shirt in the grey motif color, size l (my usual size, i'm 5'8"" size 14). unfortunately i found the shirt very roomy, but loved the pattern and style. so i ordered a medium and much to my surprise it fit much better. i'm very happy with my purchase."	1
"I love this dress (from the moment i saw it online), and now that it is on sale, i ordered it (green). i do wish the flesh color was a little more pink, love the color in person, but not as flattering on my pale skin (i ordered a different similar dress in teal and purple, that oclor was better).  so, fit: like a glove: i am dd, in waist, lbs short = 0p. length was sexy, and overall great flattering fit. similarly to other dress, i wanted the length of this one, however. nice slightly above th"	1
"This dress is beautiful. swingy and fun, and the floral pattern is just stunning for fall and winter. i am planning on wearing it with black tights and ankle booties. could be dressed up or down- very versitle. fits my tall curvy frame perfectly. love."	1
"I saw this shirt online, loved it, but unfortunately it was sold out in the regular size small. however, retailer shirts tend to be long on me, so i ordered a petite small. it fits great! i am actually happy i got a petite because i feel a regular would have been too long. the shirt comes to my hips. for reference i'm 5'8"" 145 lbs. and my measurements are 34-27-38."	1
"I bought this online because i love the print on the dress and i was not disappointed. it is gorgeous! the waist on the dress is much looser than in the picture, but i am fine with that. i am 5'9"" and the dress length is accurate as shown in the picture."	1
"I had to keep rechecking the price tag on this one to be sure i saw it correctly. price aside though, it's really awesome. fit is flattering, stripes are cute, colors are nice, and you can wear it all summer long. if you can get over the dollar signs, it's a keeper!"	1
"I purchased all three colors! this sweater is gorgeous. i love it. it's made well, all three colors are beautiful and it fits great. it's definitely true to size. i'm thrilled with this sweater. adorable!"	1
"Cute shirt with a few nice details: embroidery and tasseled tie in back. a little pricey in my view for what you get. nice, loose cut. true to size. cotton is very sheer. i'm well-stocked on white see-through shirts that require a cami, looking for one that doesn't need layering- returned for this reason."	1
"Really nice, substantial, fully lined sweater coat. i love the structured look and the faux-leather piping around the zipper and the pockets. quality seems to be very good. it runs true to size, maybe slightly on the small side (especially for larger hips/busts) so if you are in between sizes, go up. i chose small and it's just right; i wouldn't be able to zip around my hips with xsmall. besides the price, which is why i dropped one star, i cannot really find any fault in this sweater coat."	1
Love this sweater it's perfect for chilly florida evenings....love the loose boxy shape and it's very cozy not itchy!	1
"I haven't worn the top yet nor have i returned it. still not sure if i want to keep it! i bought the slate color and it is a bland color. also, not sure if i like the fabric because the material feels like it could be a pajama top! however, it is a comfortable loose fitting top so for that reason, i may keep it."	1
"This is a fantastic dress. it's very flowy, comfortable, stylish, and it has pockets!!! whoop! whoop! i have a larger bust (34d) and even though it's button down, the openings in between don't peak open to show your bra. it is navy and red, but i think you could wear black boots with it, no problem. this is my new favorite dress and i'm very happy with my purchase. buy it!!"	1
"I love , love this top !! it looks just like the picture on model. the front is a soft t-shirt and the back is so cute and flattering . super unique and comfortable style.!! i am 5'4 -105 and xs fits perfect."	1
"This top is adorable on. the online picture doesn't do it justice. a sales girl in my store had it on and i loved it and had to try it on. i got it in xs - black. i am 5'2"" and 115 lbs. it has the perfect drape to it. it might be too cool for winter but will be perfect when it warms up a little. this was my favorite thing i found in the store in months. love it."	1
"I love dark colors and i loved the summer touch to this top that i feel like i can wear it year round! the little anchors on the buttons are such a cute touch (very retailer). it does run slightly smaller, but not in an extreme way. i'd love to see more styling options for this top because i'm a little stumped at how to wear it outside of my white high waisted shorts, haha."	1
"I bought this kimono only a couple weeks ago...and i think i've worn it six times already! this kimono is stunning. light, airy and the colors are absolutely gorgeous. the print is unique and bold. i've worn this over a black dress...with leggings and a white tank...with denim and every color top. the options are endless with this beauty! the only downside is the kimono is so airy and oversized that the armholes easily get hooked on things. i ripped it once but thankfully it was right down the s"	1
"I did like this coat, however the material was just not what i expected. i was hoping for more of a traditional wool material, but this had a fuzziness to it. not fitted in the waist either, which might just be the style but not what i was hoping for."	1
"This tunic is true to size, i ordered the xxs as i am 5'5"", 110 lbs. it fit perfectly and hit me about 4 inches above the knee. similar to model photo (i have long torso). it has a very sparingly done cluster of sparkle sequence. the draw string waist has a tie on each side to adjust length. i actually returned it only because it seemed a little to young a look for me. i was sorry to do so."	1
"Love this dress. i think i scored the deal of the year with this one. found it in my local retailer store. it had been in my ""save for later"" forever but i couldn't bring myself to pay full price... then it sold out in my size online. i was in my local store browsing the new items on sale with the additional 40% off, and there it was 1, and only 1. and my size.... i picked it up, noticed the cut outs that are not very apparent in the online photos, but it back, picked it back up, put it back....."	1
"I am 5'4, so i feel i'm on the cusp of petite/regular sizing. i ordered 2p, (about 125-130lbs), and the dress fit perfectly. it's so pretty (i got blue), i ordered this for my upcoming trip for our anniversary...i feel like i can wear with sandals or heels, with leggings or no leggings. beautifully made. kind of pricey, but worth it."	1
"I wore this dress for this first time today, and it is a head-turner. sure to be a new favorite! i received several compliments while out running errands. the dress is flattering to my hourglass shape (i tied it in the back). it is not at all clingy; it flows nicely. the top of the dress is bra-friendly and not too low cut. i am 5'8"" and found the length to be just right for me; the medium skims the tops of my feet, and i wore the dress with flat sandals. unlike another reviewer, the dress i rec"	1
"I got this dress in the holly green and it's a lovely shade - perfect for fall and winter. this is why i gave it the high rating. however, be warned that the lining is very form fitting. i thought the dress had more of a fit and flare design to mask flaws like a belly and larger backside, but that's not the case. i had to return it, but for more slender-shaped ladies, the dress is likely a winner."	1
The blouse is as shown in the picture. it falls nicely and is flattering to wear. the detail on the yoke and hemline is of good quality. i've received a lot of compliments on this top.	1
"I am 5'4"", 170lbs, 34dd and a medium fits beautifully in this top. the mint green is very pretty, and a nude bra under it works without showing and without it being see-thru. it is super soft and pretty, and doesn't cling. i love it!"	1
"I received many compliments on this dress. for a maeve dress it did run large. i normally take a 4 or 6 in maeve but with this dress i bought the size 2 and it fits perfect. i am 5' 2"" and 120 lbs. i have a little belly and this dress hides it well. beautiful colors and nice shape. it also hits at my knee so it is perfect for work."	1
"I'm so glad i tried these on at one of my local retailer stores. i didn't really think much of it online but they have a much nicer look and cut in person. i got the navy blue in size 27 which fit tts. i got a regular size vs. the petite size which i usually like to go with because i'm short but i actually found that they fell very similar to the model's length shown online. they seem so versatile, i'm looking forward to wearing these!"	1
"I bought this in the blue stripe and the color is not what is shown at all! the photo shows a bright, vibrant blue and white stripe top. i got a white and very light pastel blue stripe top. so disappointed because the top doesn't have that wow look as shown in the photo. however, it goes well with blue jeans even in the lighter shade of blue.  and, the fabric is nice and cool for hot summer days. the fit is tts. i bought a 16 and if you wear an 18 this will fit also. i didn't find this too box"	1
"Love these socks!!! i need to get more colors, they look so good on with boots with the lace showing!"	1
"I originally bought this dress in navy and i absolutely loved it! so i bought a second one in the neutral color. they both fit perfectly and are very flattering! i love how i can dress them up or down. i wear them out to run errands and look cute while being comfy. i also wear them to work! i am an np so business casual is a requirement for office days. when i'm used to wearing scrubs, i hate wearing true dress clothes. these dresses are a happy medium. i only wish my size was available in the t"	1
"Love this blouse, it;s super comfy, looks awesome with jeans. this blouse runs true to size i purchased in my normal size small."	1
"These pants fit me perfectly..i am 5'7"" and 134 (most days).. and wore a 4..they are so comfortable, i could sleep in them. they do stretch a little after wearing (linen), which can be a good thing to some...they are a heavier linen so good for mild winters..almost look denim..if they came in more colors i would get more!they also remind me of my old hippie days, which was fun"	1
"I've been buying and returning several denim shorts lately searching for the right pair. these are fantastic. they are so so soft and comfy. i'd say they run slightly big but not to the point where i needed to size down like i do with the hyphen chinos. love that they are not so short but not too long either and can be adjusted by how you roll them. these are a nice medium wash and i am 5'5"" 110 lbs and went w my normal size 26. seems like they may stretch out a little but that's ok bc then they"	1
I found this skirt to run tts - i am a size 16 and the bought the xl. it is so soft and comfortable and the colors are so much prettier in person. i paired it with a black turtle neck and black dolce vita booties that i snagged on sale at my local retailer. happy girl!	1
"I love these tights so much i almost want to buy another few pair and save them for when these wear out. the lining is like clouds on your calves. they're thick enough that you don't need to be totally covered by a tunic but slim enough that they don't add bulk. love, love them!"	1
"I'm 5""1, 115 and bought the small. i buy most retailer tops in xs but the small fit well - not too tight and is flattering. the colors are as seen and are a soft muted color. the material is thin which is fine for hot weather and i haven't washed so can't say how colors will hold and how well material will hold but have high expectations for retailer apparel. this will work well to wear with shorts or a navy maxi skirt. adds a nice touch of color for spring and summer."	1
"Slouchy, longer in the sleeves, a little cropped, great neckline, stylish.....these are just some of the reasons i absolutely love this sweater! i've been looking for a style like this for a long time. i went down a size because of the wide neckline and the fact that it is a bit oversized. i'm petite, 119 lbs., with a 32f bust size. i went with the grey, but i'm loving it so much i might pick one up in the pink. so comfy and cozy and chic!!"	1
"I can't get enough of this dress! this dress is everything. from the flattering fit, to the colors and pattern, to the design, and to the quality.. this dress really has it all. this is worth every penny and in my opinion, a great price for a versatile, high quality dress. the material is that super comfy, stretchy material which is perfect for everyday! it is a no brainer and easy to throw on. i'm so happy it comes in petite as the xsp length fits me perfect! it hits at the perfect length for a"	1
"This top is comfortable and flattering. i really like the simplicity- a wearable basic summer top, with a cute twist, just enough to make it contemporary, but not overstated."	1
Such great detail great beautiful in red and white.	1
"Love this un-basic white top. it's very flattering on, and i love that it's a versatile piece that can be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. i am usually a size 8 in maeve tops/dresses, but i found a size 6 fit me a bit better in this particular top. if your'e in between sizes, you may need to size down. i definitely recommend this top!"	1
"The blouse is absolutely beautiful. i am 5' and the length is perfect. even though it fit a little snug across the chest, it's a keeper. i'll wear it open on the top with a nice cami underneath."	1
"I ordered the mauve in size xl and it fits true to size. it matched the photos online. all of the details are prettier in person. it's delicate. but, it's washed/dried well. very pretty shade of mauve."	1
I was so impressed with the style & boning on the sides for the perfect fit! it's truly a classic staple in your closet for that lbd!!	1
"I bought the first one in the gold color, which i call mustard. i really love the high-low style and looks great when worn with a long necklace(s). when they went on sale, i bought two more, black and grey. i love that they are perfect for layering when it's cold, but that i can also wear them alone, in other seasons. thy ran a bit large for me, so i was able to purchase the small. i am small boned, but large in the bust. i'm also short, 5'2"", but they don't look too long, especially when i wear"	1
"Loved the dress, but the white of the dress was neon white, way too bright and made it look terrible against my skin. i can imagine this looking good on someone with darker skin. but i""m my pale skin it looked bad. otherwise the fit was great, besides missing out on the petite sizes which are sold out."	1
"Love these bottoms, cheekier than i thought but like them even more!"	1
This is totally different. great addition to my wardrobe!	1
"Cute, comfortable dress. great for work and more casual events. the neckline is more mock style than i was expecting."	1
"The structure makes this fit perfectly. the details are also lovely, and it is soft and well-made. it is a little sheer, but i felt comfortable enough to wear it with just a black bra underneath. if you are between sizes, i would probably size up."	1
"This top runs large. i had no problem sizing down one size, and could have gone down two sizes if not for the bust area. i ordered this tee in the distressed black color (in real life, it's more like distressed charcoal gray), and really like the fit. the asymmetric peplum is unusual, and cut at a flattering angle. i also really like that this top is not short; i often have trouble with length at retailer, being long in the torso. even going down a size, the length is great. overall, i like that t"	1
"This is one of my favorite retailer dresses - it's flowy and makes me feel beautiful. i loved it so much that i bought it in two colors! it does run big, so i would size down but when you find your size, you'll love it!"	1
"I hoped i would hate these because i have a zillion pairs of jeans. as i suspected, they're amazing and quickly became my favorite! they have just the right amount of stretch, so flattering."	1
This dress is awesome - i actually first saw it on lucy lui on elementary and thought it had to be from retailer. sure enough it was and it was on sale. i got the blue and would have gotten both if they had my size. i am usually a m and found this fit true to size. i always love a wrap dress and this with the buttons keeps it from spilling open - love it!	1
This price is amazing and goes with everything! fits great! so glad i made this purchase.	1
"I have about 3 or 4 akemi & kin tops. i usually take a small. i think this one runs a bit bigger. the armholes are too deep and there is just too much fabric for me. (5'6"" 125lbs) i am going to try to size down because i really like everything else about the top. orange is not my color but this has enough white to compensate. the pattern, button detail and fabric are all very nice."	1
Not for shorties. i'm 5'3 and will need to get them hemmed.	1
I've been looking for an off the should sweater like this for over a year! looks great on and doesn't itch! can't wait for fall so i can wear it!	1
"I bought this dress during the retailer weekend and i'm so happy i did!  this is a very well-made, well-designed dress that is quite figure flattering.  the marriage of artsy and colorful on a neutral background makes sense and the combination of colors and the style of the dress work well together.  the wearer will definitely have several options for footwear pairings.  this dress is as fun and playful as it is classy.  i can't wait for an occasion to wear this dress!"	1
"This dress can be dressed up or down. it looks cute w/ a black open sweater and looks great alone. the fabric is very soft. although it isn't fitted, it doesn't have too much material either, so it is very flattering on. the back yoke also has the white embroidered flowers which finishes off a quality look. the pockets are nice and light inside. i usually wear a 10/12 and the large fit perfectly. i was also lucky to get it on sale ;)"	1
"Absolutely perfect and worth every penny! i am 5'8"" and normally between a 4 and 6 in jackets. while the small fit, i ended up purchasing a medium so i had more room in the arms. insanely comfortable and truly stunning on. expect compliments when you are wearing it!"	1
"I love this shirt. great mix of chic, comfortable and feminine! can wear for many occasions!"	1
I purchased this item as a gift for my wife and she loves it. the quality for the price is great. soft and comfortable. needs to be washed with care but is worth it	1
"I love this dress! i purchased the neutral motif in a large and it fits wonderfully. i have a double d chest and the top of this fits almost perfectly. it's just a bit snug on top but still comfortable because of the fabric. i'm 5""3 and the dress isn't too long like most maxi's are on me. i always have great luck with maeve and plan on purchasing another right now!"	1
I sew and therefore i can tell when something is cut and designed well. this top hangs beautifully and the colors are very pretty. it's cotton.	1
"Luckily i found this in the store though it is on backorder online, so if you really want it - go to/call the store. it's effortless, fun, beautiful, and nicely detailed. love this top. i'm 5'5"" and usually wear size 6, and i bought a small. really worth the price b/c you can just throw it on and look fabulous. layers well. so happy i got this."	1
"As a teacher, it's so great to be able to find dresses that are modest and beautiful, that i can wear to work, as well as on the weekends."	1
"I love this jacket. it is stylish, yet has the softness of you favorite lounge wear. the faux fur gives it a touch of holiday fun, and, the fitted cut flatters your shape."	1
"This tank caught my eye when it first came out couple of months ago, love the colors and the embroidery especially. the colors on top beautifu and it will complement any skin tone and the bottom is neutral so that this top will go with any bottom. this flows too goes great with skinny jeans and flats or put a strappy heels on and it's perfect for evening outings."	1
"This dress is so lovely in person, with more muted colors than pictured which will transition nicely into fall.  the overall cut of the dress is really flattering, especially for hourglass/ pear figures.  sadly, i had to return the dress because the arms were insanely small.  i after putting the dress on, i was worried i wouldn't be able to actually get it off.  if you have teeny, tiny arms...you'll probably be okay with your regular size.  if you have any kind of muscle (or squish :)), size up."	1
"I bought this dress for my wedding rehearsal dinner. it's beautiful. the material is thicker than i imagined, not a bad thing at all. i ironed it with lots of steam and it came out great. the tie in back is nice because it can be cinched tight or worn more loosely"	1
"I received this as a gift and have seldom been so pleased with anything. as another reviewer noted, some retailer clothing looks darling and then falls apart. not something acceptable at this price point.  unlike her, this was not one of those times. i've worn this daily, for weeks and feel like the buttons, trim and weave could not be any better. not only that but it looks terrific with everything. the sweater has a flattering line that tapers at the waist even unbuttoned. it is soft, warm and cl"	1
As in super comfortable and a joy to wear. i saw it online and then went to the store to try it on. the moment i put it on i knew it was for me. i missed out on getting it in the other color. i hope you get more in other colors!	1
"The tank is very structured, thick yet breathable, not see through. the coral is much brighter in person, and the white is more like a light cream color. the white is versatile for all seasons but i like the coral because it's such an unusual color. size regular xs is fitted on me (not too tight, not too loose, but over the course of the day, it stretches a little) and the hem falls at the upper hip (i'm 5'2"", 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips). my favorite part is the arm holes are not too big. the knit a"	1
"This dress is beautiful and fit exactly as pictured. i'm 5'9"", 140 lbs and a size 4 fit perfectly."	1
Shortened it to knee length and it was perfect. material is soft. comfortable to wear. can be paired with wedges or pumps or flats. fits true to size.	1
"These are just perfect, exactly as pictured if not nicer. very soft and comfy with a big sweater on for winter months."	1
"This top is beautiful on, it has very feminine detail and is very flattering. the first time i wore it i got 4 compliments on it. i would definitely recommend!"	1
"I got a small (5'9, 135lbs) and it fits great! it is super comfortable and also looks really good on."	1
I get the great reviews. these do for me what no jogger could. i have hips. i never thought these would work. they do and they look just as cool on me as the model. i am a 10-12. i could only find a 12 but i think a 10 would be perfect. they are effortlessly cool and casual...for all body types. i'm so excited i tried these on.	1
"I love everything about this blouse except for one thing: the peplum just hits way too high up on the body, and i am only 5'4"". 106 and ordered a regular size 2 (not petite) which fits perfectly except for this. it is made of a beautiful textured fabric and is very nice quality. i adore peplums and own many and like the peplum to begin near the waist. however, others may not mind the higher waist and in that case it may work for them. i really hated to send it back it was so pretty but it just w"	1
"Usually retailer's designs run small for me, but this large fits great. super comfortable, long enough to wear with leggings. love the back cutout design and fabric choice. depending on bust size, it may seem to sit funny, but it's not meant to be a true baby doll design that sits under the bust. mine looks great :-)"	1
"I love the look of this bra, but unfortunately it is pretty skimpy and sheer. i need a little more padding to define my shape and i wish it had modesty padding. this wasn't for me so i returned it."	1
"I'm 5'8"" small 115 pounds. ordered the xs. this dress is gorgeous! my husband loved it! i tried several sticky bras... nothing worked. i'm 32dd  i gave up. if your ok with no support, you'll love this dress. sexy back, perfect length, so light!"	1
"Cute top, perfect by itself or for layering. i sensed it would run large, so i ordered an xxs, 115 lbs, 5'2""."	1
"I originally saw the sweater in one of the stores. it really is much nicer in person than online. i decided to try it on while there but was looking for other items, not sweaters then. i normally wear between xs and s depending on the brand. well, even the xs was too big. i thought i'd order it in a petite size since i am short but forgot about it once i got home with some other retailer items. i eventually did search it out but the xs petite was already sold out. i ordered the xxs?this fits but i"	1
"A culotte and basketball short hybrid. these culottes are heaven....very comfortable. the are great on windy summer days or walking around the city (between the buildings are like wind tunnels). the waist does run alittle large...i have a 29-30in waist and the medium petite fit my lower waist, but is large on my natural waist...a small petite would be better, so size down one size on the waist. plus the waist band is stretchy, so there is a lot of forgiveness in sizing down. plus the petite's le"	1
The blue is not see though at all and the length is perfect. so many tops now are on the longer side or have the high/low hems. this one is great....love it. kinda want the white one now!	1
"I love the contemporary style of this piece, but i returned it because the side slits were too high even for a short person like me (5'1""). but if you don't mind showing a little skin at the waist when you raise your arms, it might work for you. the fabric has a nice texture and the muted colors would mix well with other pieces."	1
"I bought this today in black. it fits true to size and is very flattering. i love the draping, the weight of the fabric, and the length . i would buy it in another color i like it so much. i will probably wear this with jeans and boots with a sweater over it. i wasn't sure i was going to like the little connector piece across the front neckline, but it works. if it wasn't there the top would probably gape open."	1
Cute cute. simple tank with a little something to add interest.	1
"Maeve really keeps me guessing on sizing...usually too big, but this one is too small in my normal 4, so i went with the 6 for comfortable movement while still maintaining the intentional fitted look. fabric is of beautiful quality, colors are true to the picture - just a gorgeous timeless dress that i imagine wearing to many special events, or with a denim jacket over it for work :)"	1
"Wow. this is the perfect sweater. beautiful, soft color. lightweight enough to wear now and into the coming seasons. it drapes beautifully. the knit is tight, no see through or snags. very soft and comfy. the casual, easy, pulled together look is hard to do and this one does it with style. am starting to love this designer. highly recommend."	1
"This casual top is adorable! a great top for jeans, linen pants or shorts! it would be cute with skirts too.  i love the heavy feel of the fabric. too many fabrics today are thin and/or clingy. this is soft, but is substantial. it works well on my body-type. tall, thin, without much figure. it's not cheap, but something i'll likely keep for a few years."	1
"Love this top. it is a little big through the body/waist, i thought it would be a little more fitted but i still love it. the bow really makes the shirt"	1
"The color is more like bluish-green, very elegant! it's very soft and feels great on skin. i love the buttons on the back, it's such a great touch and brings this sweater to a whole new level.  i usually wear xs but because i'm going to wear this sweater with a button up shirt underneath, i ordered s. great investment! love to have it in my closet."	1
"This dress is not form fitting and some might consider it a little ""shapeless"". however, the color is stunning, the quality is great, and its a great dress for a wedding where you want to stand out but not have to worry about anything too constricting. great for dancing the night away - the under layer and frill at the bottom are perfect. i am very pleased with this purchase!"	1
"Fantastic and comfortable top. i had to buy in black and white, because it was too cute to buy just one. love it. great staple for your wardrobe."	1
"I tried this on a whim during the sale with no real intentions of buying but the moment i put this on i feel in love! the denim is soooooooo soft. it is heaven! seriously one of the most comfortable pieces i have ever tried on. the fit is very flattering and it can be worn multi seasons so..... it went home! that night i put it on and walked doen the stairs and my two year old daughter said ""mommy is so pretty""! . score! this dress is so simple and can be styled so many ways. plus it seems very"	1
I love simplicity in clothing and this tee fits the bill! i put it on and instantly feel basic elegance.	1
"I'm 5'1 and 110 pounds and i ordered the 26 petite. the jeans are fabulous...flattering....comfortable...i could go on and on. the fabric is super soft and the fit hugs in all the right places. it is a nice flare bottom. i will have to wear these with heels or wedges, they are too long for flats."	1
"This top is very cute. it is a high low top that i wasn't expecting, but love it. the picture doesn't do it justice it fits closer to the body than on model. fits true to size usually a small and this one fits well in small. got at a ridiculous price which is an added bonus. will get a lot of wear out of this top."	1
The appliquã© on this dress is well done. i would recommend it to anyone. the design is super flattering and feminine.	1
"I just received this top - it is stunningly beautiful, however, i will be returning it as it is very large. i am tall at 5'8"" and typically wear a size 4. i purchased this in the size s but it was very large. i should have read the reviews about sizing before ordering, although i think both the xxs and xs were already sold out."	1
This dress runs a bit small in my opinion. for reference i'm a 36/38 c and usually a 10. the medium is tight at the bust. the material is beautiful but it looks like a petite cut on me. the sleeve and overall length are too short and i'm going to return it.	1
I normally wear 0 in retailer dresses. the bottom is roomy but top from band up runs small. i bought a 2 and love it. i plan to wear it to a wedding.	1
"Fantastic top! fits, flatters and falls beautifully! i loved the white so much i went back for the black! i wear with jeans, leggings and with pant suits. lovely with all!"	1
"I was on the fence about ordering my normal med, but so glad i did. it fits sooo well. i do think its more suited for warmer days since the material is very thin. its sort of a cropped length and looks great with sandals and heels. i don't like showing off bra detail and will add some kind of closure detail to hide bra or wear a very lightweight top underneath. this was a great buy especially with the sale."	1
The most amazingly versatile cardi you'll ever own! it goes with everything from boyfriend jeans and booties to black chiffon pleated skirt. it's soft and feminine and makes you feel like you look like a million dollars! definitely worth the price.	1
"I am five foot tall, about 103lb and got the petite zero - it fits perfectly and i love the flower pattern! great for weddings, parties or work."	1
"From quality, to design, and overall comfort...these leggings have it all. they are so so soft and feel and look amazing on. i bought the black and i love the ribbed detailing. it's just enough to add a little something. i ended up buying the other two colors and another pair of black! for the price it's more than worth it."	1
"This dress is flattering, but size up. tight through chest in my normal size."	1
"I bought this in purple and then just now in navy.i love the sleeve length and neckline. this shirt is made of a very soft knit material a so its very comfy and flattering. goes well with jeans, shirts and shorts. i definitely recommend purchasing this shirt."	1
"I bought this dress for a trip to the caribbean and really enjoyed wearing it. i was worried it might look like a ""sack"" but i think it is both slimming and flattering. i love the interesting neckline and rolled up sleeves!! a winner."	1
"I absolutely love slips, and i like the grey tone of this one-and that it is not super shiny. it adds to the versatility of the slip-which i wear many ways. i wear them as under layers for long cardigans, i wear them as a real traditional slip under other dresses, and i also have been known to wear them to bed. the fabric on this one is absolutely comfortable and lightweight. i like that the fabric is cut in a babydoll format and the straps are wider (an a different color) which adds just enough"	1
"This is a simple design, but feminine and dressy enough for a summer wedding.  this dress is great for hourglass shapes, but it does not hide your features."	1
"This dress didn't do much for me on the hanger but it was on sale and thought i would try it on in the store. so glad i did, definitely cuter on than just hanging there. the back has a belt feature that adds a little structure. the colors are nice and bright. will be good for our hot austin summers."	1
"I noticed some reviewers didn't like the loose shape of the dress. it is indeed a dress with a looser silhouette than most! but that's what makes it unique and expensive looking! i loved the extra material in the dress, especially in the back, it flowed gracefully and beautifully. i can imagine wearing this dress for many occasions and feeling instantly chic with minimal effort! :) it was also very figure flattering! i ordered the size l and it was a perfect knee length, so i would say this dres"	1
"I am a frequent retailer shopper who has found many items to be hit or miss. this one's a definite hit:) i absolutely love the vibe of this sweater wrap (unique, bohemian, feminine, cozy), the fabric (beautiful intricate weave, high quality knit, wearable virtually year-round thanks to air conditioning), how stylish it is (fringe, very ""in"" kimono cocoon cardigan), how much of my wardrobe it goes with (neutral ivory color that can be dressed up or down, elegant or casual), and the fact that it has"	1
"I purchased the blue one - it's a very brilliant royal blue. nice color. the patterned portion is quite heavy, which provides a nice drape. hangs really well without being clingy or too loose. great top for jeans."	1
"This dress is beautiful! it is a nice, heavy fabric with stretch and just fits perfectly."	1
"It is a pretty tank, the fabric feels nice and substantial."	1
I love this top! the unique neck detail is awesome! i dress it up; i dress it casual. works for every adventure. more!!!	1
"I'm: 34a, 125 lbs, 5'8"" purchased: small  i was going back and forth between xs and s. i decided on small because it fit better in my arms, didn't feel as tight. the xs fit well in the torso area and didn't have as much fabric as the small. the small also had a longer shirt tail.   if you don't have as much mass in the arms, get the xs. if you have some muscle or extra mass in the arms, it's better to go with the small."	1
"Fun to wear inside sneakers or just around the house shoeless. my daughters tried to take them, but i held on to them."	1
"I think this is a really flattering dress. i like the length of the sleeves (they're not long like in retailer's very first navy photo but all the other pics are accurate in my opinion.) in my photo, i'm wearing an xs regular so i'd say it's shorter than 35"" because i'm only 5'3"" and it's above my knee. it may run slightly small because i'm a 34aa, with a 26"" waist, 34"" hips and usually wear xspetite in retailer but this xs fits me fine (although to get it to be fitted at the waist, xxs might be bet"	1
These bottoms run very small! i'm 5ft 3in and 100 pounds with a 25 inch waist and both the xsmall and small were too small. i think i'll need a size medium.	1
"Beautiful dress! i usually wear a size 4 regular, or a 6 petite (if the dress has sleeves). i ordered this in the 6p and it is too big. wish i could exchange it for a 4p, but it's no longer available."	1
"Wow, i wish this would have worked for me. the pom details are truly adorable and give the sweater that extra added touch. i agree with the other reviewer that the ""crop"" style is almost too much and gives an awkward fit. i am short, 5'2"" so it cut me off in the wrong area (i bought a petite xs). the material is delicate but that is part of the charm so i didn't have a problem with that at al. my problem was the fit-- a bit too boxy for my build. wish it would have worked but i'll have to admire"	1
"I got the small petite and this fits beautifully, as on the model (i am 5'2""). i do think that it flatters a flat belly more than it would flatter a fatter one! it would certainly hide any belly, but the drape works best if you're streamlined, i imagine. if you've got a tapering torso, go for it! depending on your bust, you may want to pin the overlapped fabric just to be sure of hiding the bottom of your bra. not that i've found it a problem."	1
"This was a christmas gift to my sister. she liked it so much she wore it the day after opening it. very cute design, lovely deep red color. only thing to look out for is the potential of fabric to snag - looks like it may do so easily if wearing long jewelry. may run a bit large, but the medium for her well (slightly loose fitting garment). she is 5'7 and would probably wear a large in a typical shirt."	1
"Now this is a summer staple! love the design of the bib of this tee. super soft, great neutral charcoal color and can be dressed up or down. it is loose, i'd recommend sizing down."	1
Hands down most comfortable bra ever!	1
"Fyi-the model is wearing the top with a cami tank under. on it's own, it's lace and has holes throughout. i prefer it that way, so you can layer to make it more conservative, but also wear with a nude bra for an edgier look. material washed well and has a pretty raw lace edge seam on the bottom!"	1
This really is a beautiful blouse. it's much prettier in person than in the photo. the embroidery is delicate and the blouse is feminine. is has a nice drape that isn't boxy or flowy. my only complaint is that it gaps widely right at the bust. and i am not busty at all. there is no pulling it together and smoothing it out. it is just too tight and it has to be returned. boooo	1
"A whim of a purchase on a tops sale. i spotted the black, but went for the mauve. it's great in person, fits loosely and hangs nicely for layering. i will buy the black too when in goes on sale. 5'5"", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame, and the small was perfect (and every a little roomy) on me."	1
"Oh how i love this dress! i was pleasantly surprised at the texture of the fabric, it is a wonderful feel of cotton and not that poly that sticks to your fingers. it fits like a dream...true to size...romantic and flirty...i can see this with cowboy boots and hat as well as with evening sandals...the possibilities are limitless. i am so happy i was finally able to snag one up as a return because it sold out. just love it! i also plan to wear it in the fall with a jean jacket. it is a winter whit"	1
This dress does fit small.. i am generally a size 10-12 in maeve but purchased this in a 14. i have a large chest (34g) which contributed to my need to size up. the green color is beautiful and the dress looks darling on. i have a little trouble with the zipper but nothing that required me to return the dress. my biggest complaint is that the straps are a tiny bit too long and don't lie flat on my shoulders. other than that i receive a ton of compliments every time i wear it!	1
"Really pretty color, light, breathable fabric and i love the high neck on this tunic! i wear this tunic with black leggings, a black tank and black sandals. i'm not the smallest girl so i love that this tunic is a bit longer and has a bit of a belt. wonderful pick up!"	1
"This dress is adorable. the colors are vibrant and very eye catching. i found it runs tts -- for reference i'm 5'4"" 140lbs and i ordered a 6. the dress is fitted on top with some very nice/forgiving pleats around the stomach."	1
"Purchased as a gift, but needed to return due to recipient weight challenged in past 6 months. heavier material of neutral tone ( with detailing of epaulets) pairs well with dresses, skirts, jeans, jeggings and whatever style of boots. veratile garment and will re-purchase for self in future."	1
"...and another addition to my wedding guest wardrobe! the skirt print is gorgeous and i can't wait to shop for the perfect shoe and accessories. i'm very hippy with a thinner waist and this hides that. i love the pockets and the fact that i can wear a regular, comfortable bra. all-around a great purchase!"	1
"I have this in darker blue and it is my favorite dress of the season. i didn't realize that there was one in turquoise until it was already sold out. please bring back or be so kind to contact me if an xs comes in as a return, etc.  i love this so much!"	1
I was so impressed with the quality of this top that i bought it in all the colors.. it is comfy and thin. i purchased my usual size . it is so adorable with the lattice stripe..	1
"I tried the ""neutral motif"" one on when it first came out. i didn't buy but it stayed on my mind b/c the colors were so pretty. i got it at sale on sale and am so happy i did! it is sheer but i think it would work fine in a casual setting without a tank as long as you have a skin tone bra. great buy and tts."	1
"I was at my local retailer this weekend, needing a bathing suit for an upcoming trip and this set was sitting in the ""get it while it lasts"" section, in my size. i tried it on (top in two different sizes 32c and 34b and a bottom), and it was literally the only time in my life i've ever tried on a bathing suit and been happy with the results! great material, the design is retro but with a modern twist with the fabric, supportive top without squishing (went with the 32c...same as my regular bras), t"	1
"I've been searching for a velvet top or dress for awhile. this arrived yesterday and it's absolutely beautiful. the color is rich and the fabric is thick and feels and looks like a very expensive, high quality item. i got it with the 25% off promo but it's worth every penny of the full price. can't wait to wear for the holidays! get this dress!"	1
"I love this dress! i do agree with the other reviewers - it does come up higher on the sides. it has a hi-lo hem style on me, but i'm short (5'3"") and got the petite xxs and it's not too short to wear as a dress. it's super cute!! if you're short(er) and don't mind showing a little leg, i highly recommend it :)"	1
"I love this dress. it's beautiful and flattering. not to mention that it is also comfortable with a bit of stretch. i couldn't see it in the picture, but the black parts on the shoulders in front and on the back is sheer, so you have to be careful with underwear choice. i have an apple shape and yet this was flattering and the perfect length. i am short and apple-shaped and it was a great choice."	1
"I knew once i saw this online that i would love it, because of that i almost feel like my review is biased. i have been searching for a jacket like this for awhile. i own the holding horses version from a few years back, but that one is just not fitted enough in the waist for me (even though it has a drawstring waist). this one too has an interior drawstring waist and it is more fitted in the waist giving the feminine appearance i desire. but it's not too tight. i am small up top, 34b but larger"	1
I sized down from my typical size small. beautiful detail on the back. slightly sheer in front but dark bra or cami fixes that. shorter in front than back but not too short. goes with jeans and pants plus a shorter cardigan or denim jacket would look great.	1
"I love this blouse. the color is so pretty! i might even wear this to a holiday party. the tie looks great so many ways--love the versatility. i think i will get a lot of wear out of this blouse--with a pencil skirt, jeans or under a blazer."	1
This jacket is really pretty and unique. unfortunately the material around the waist area does not lay flat like it does in the picture. i'm 5 ft 6 in and a size 6. i ordered the medium. it fit well but the material around the waist area jutted out making me look really wide. disappointed to have to return this.	1
I always search each summer for a maxi dress and this is the winner this summed! i love the way it wraps. fits perfectly. i got a size medium and i am 5'5 34dd; the dress is long enough to wear with flats or heels. i recommend this!	1
Super cute and more fitted than the baggy overalls of yesteryear. i love them.	1
"This fits great. it looks great with jeans or exercise pants. a little lighter weight than i hoped but looks great, hangs well on my body. i bought the white."	1
"These jeans are great, however they are very long. i am 5'4 and i should have ordered a petite size. even though i never have to buy petite size pants. wish they made these a bit shorter."	1
This is a pretty sweater that is great for transitioning to fall. wear it sleeveless on throw a leather jacket over it for cooler nights. fights true to size. the gray is a very pretty color. great addition to my wardrobe!	1
"I fell in love with this dress from the moment i saw it on various mother's day weekend insta posts by retailer stores. i was worried that it would not be a great cut for me, as it's pretty straight up and down, and i wasn't sure the waist would hit at the right place, because i'm super high waisted and this didn't appear to be so. in truth, it isn't, and i'll be tying the ribbon (or wearing a slim belt) at a higher point than where was originally intended. however, what struck me was the ability"	1
"I fell in love with this top when i first saw it in the store, and bought it during the 25% off sale. i'm petite, 32dd, usually a size 4. i tried the xs and s and while both fit, i like the roominess of the s so i got that size. i bought the regular size for a little extra length, but could have worn the petite. it's great for layering because of all the bright colors, and although the front is polyester, the back is knit so it's nice and cool. i personally love loose-fitting, shorter tops, so i"	1
"I really liked this top. ordered the blue and am considering getting the pink color. 5'4, 135lbs, ordered xxs and it fit great. has nice drape around hips and not too snug."	1
"I bought the green and white and waiting to see how these wash based on previous reviews. they are definitely not figure flattering and make you a bit boxy. you could belt it, but i won't i'll just wear for errands and lounging, better than my sports tees! i bought mediums because if it shrinks a tad, the small might be too short in the arms and i wanted a bit more arm coverage."	1
This is a delightfully soft and fluffy sweater. i might have bought it if my store had the petite size. the white was pretty and a good weight (not too light or heavy) and comfortable. it would be fun to layer over various outfits. it did not seem to shed.	1
"I love the dress enough to go on a diet. i sized up but still have reservations about the integrity of the seams if i should sit at any point during its wear. i hate skin tight clothing, and wear a 0 in everything else - the 2 made me feel as if you could see my cervix. i own other byron lars dresses that fit in a 0 - something happened with this dress."	1
I love this jacket. it's the prettiest and most stylish jean jacket i've ever owned. the sleeves run small. i'm an xs but chose a small so i can button it and wear thin sweaters underneath.	1
"This top is so pretty and festive. i am purchasing it for a holiday party. i debated between a m and l, but went with the m, and i'm glad i did. it is generously sized. finding bottoms for it has been a little tricky. i'm thinking i will try the velvet pants as shown."	1
"I have been looking for a summer dress with a bit of a chic flair to it- i was thinking black, tank top dress. after weeks of hunting for the idea in my head, i started to branch out. i reluctantly tried this on thinking it would be 'baggish', plain, and possibly too short. wow was i wrong!! this dress is everything + more. wear with some wedges, belt it (although it doesn't need it at all!), layer a high neckline lace top over it, the possibilities are endless. although i loved the green, the b"	1
"Don't size down, as one reviewer recommended. you'll wind up trying to exchange. the colors are beautiful and the front panel has a lot of texture. it's a great find."	1
"I was a bit hesitant to purchase because of the other reviews but so glad i did! i usually wear a 4-6 and the 6 fit great. it feels like high quality and i think the shirt will work well for both work and casual events. i have a long torso and don't find it too short at all. it is a tad tight across the shoulders, so if you are broad in that area, it might not work for you. overall, love!"	1
"I wanted to love this. the color in the picture is pretty true-to-life. the top fit well, if a bit smaller than usual, but the skirt piece was way too flared for my petite (5') frame. it was too voluminous compared to the top of the dress. the material is very soft, but thin, and is lined, which was a pleasant surprise. sadly, a return for me."	1
"This is a really unique jacket. the suede-like darker fabric is so soft and brings great character to the jacket. i love the neutral color and the fit is true to size. the only minor complaint i have is that the band at the bottom of the jacket flares out a little, making it wider and a little odd looking. but i have learned to ignore this because all of the other features are so awesome! would recommend."	1
This dress is beautiful. it is longer than it looks on the model (i'm 5/5) but drapes beautifully. it is perfect for a wedding or a special event. i love it!	1
"I had the priviledge of trying this on during the 20% off tops sale, too bad but the store only had regualr sizes, and xs was the smallest. i am not super tiny (read have muscles), but this looked huge on me. love the colros and textures though, the line in the back is pretty and adds charm when you turn around, and the combo of all the colros is awesome, but i would need a xxs or perhaps a petite (though it is short, so not sure about petite)... soft, but try a smaller size..."	1
"I bought this jacket in the gray and couldn't be happier with it. it is loose fitting but not oversized. it will look great over a dress with boots, or with jeans. very versatile piece."	1
"Cozy, soft fabric.  love the snails on the pockets and the cute buttons.  size down if you want a more tailored fit."	1
This dress is timeless. so cute on and fits easily. i like that it has long sleeves yet it is a light fabric. comfortable and stylish. that is for me! i am taking it this weekend to nyc for a trip. i think i will fit right in!	1
"I really love this sweater. it is very flattering-especially in the back. and the color is very versatile so it can compliment virtually anything. the tie does not go all the way around the waste which took me a little getting used to, but it is not a problem for me. it is comfortable and keeps to the quality of other boiled wool products. just be careful washing it, i washed mine on hand cycle which is usually fine for everything-even cashmere. but this one didn't survive it. lesson learned, an"	1
"I tried this dress on and felt amazing in it.  i got home and showed my husband my purchases.  i told him i wasn't sure if i should have bought this one and told him to be honest with me.  he said it looked great and he was glad i bought it.  so great for a spring wedding. fits true to size.  i am 125 5'4"" c-cup and i bought my normal size 0.  this made my waist look really small."	1
I ordered both colors in size xl and they're each now favorite purchases. the fit is true to size--it matches the photos. the orange/white/brown/red combo works great with the orange version of the indra tassel necklace.  the tops are sheer so i wear a tank underneath. the green floral version will have some variations because of pattern placement. both are so unique & charming! i've been pairing them with different retailer cardigans & necklaces. they've washed well too--in a mesh bag on gentle &	1
"I bought this dress at my local retailer store on friday and love it! the dress is well made, with some heft to the yarn. the colors of the yarn, blue, white and grey, seem to shimmer a bit due to their weave, but there is no metallic thread in the dress that i can tell. i know some have written that the dress is a sack, but not on me. i toyed with buying this online and then didn't due to the negative comments about the dress; i bought an extra small and it fits well (i usually where an x small,"	1
I bought this in navy - it is absolutely stunning and looks like a dress on. super flattering and i don't even need to wear a bra with it	1
"I don't ever do ruffles - i'm a 36ddd - but these laid so nicely and the vertical ruffle is very flattering for a less than flat tummy. the knit back is so soft and makes this easy to wear. it will be easy to dress up with a necklace, blazer and dressy pants but it will go just as nicely on it's on with jeans for a casual look. if there had been the mint color in my size, i would have gotten it too!"	1
"I love this jacket. it has great structure and lays nicely, while still have knit arms and a lining. don't try this on if you aren't prepared to buy it because it's amazing. color is more of an olive than a khaki to me as it appears in this picture. i am 5'5"", 135lbs, 34c, and the small fit perfectly. definitely consider this as an investment piece across many seasons."	1
"I bought this as a gift for a friend that is getting married in a few months. it's so soft and cozy, i'm tempted to keep it! i got the xs/s regular in white and was worried it would be too long but hits my natural waist (belly button) and i've got a shorter torso and am 5'4.5"". i got this during the 40% sweater sale and feel it is worth the full price. a fun piece but not one to keep you warm on a cold night, more of a cab to curb piece."	1
This is a really pretty top that you can dress up or down. the draping on the neck and shoulders falls nicely and i love the back with the lace. it is simple but unique and has nice classic lines. i am usually a pxs but based on the measurements i went with the regular xxs and glad i did bc the petite would have been too short.	1
"The fox print is super cute and the reason i ordered the skirt.  sizing was true to me, i'm usually an 8 and the 8 fit fine.  the waist is high and if you try to wear it low the side zipper puckers  out in a weird way.  skirt length is above knee (i'm 5' 6"").  skirt is lined but the lining is dark brown/black same as the waist band in the photo of the model wearing it.  the lining does not show at the hem, it's concealed.  overall a fun a-line swingy skirt for late summer that will go into fall"	1
"This top is gorgeous, but the sleeves are all wrong. they're very tight for about 5"" at the bottom, right up to the elbow making it tight when i bend my arms. it's also loose in the armpit area, the bottom of the sleeve starts under my chest, and is styled that way, so i'm considering returning. i actually drove an hour to the nearest store to size up, but the sleeve feels even more tight. ugh! i love the quality & looks otherwise, and the front is double layered so no need to layer. the front i"	1
This black dress is stunning...i've already worn it to a fashion show and a wedding and i received so many compliments!	1
"I tried this on in-store. it is super cute! i am waiting for it to go on sale because i wasn't sure it was completely worth the price. if you are in-between sizes, take the larger size."	1
"This picture does not due this sweater justice, at all! i purchased this today for summer. it's beyond cute and the colors are awesome! it's a very light sweater with a fitted (but not too tight) light feel. the sleeves are a little longer than quarter length, at least on me. it looks amazing with white pants, very fresh!!"	1
"This is an ideal top - especially for summer. so lightweight and soft! the detailing is adorable and makes this simple shirt feel very special, yet everyday! i ordered the black, and am back for the other colors! this one is an absolute win."	1
"I bought the holly color which appears almost granite/slate color in natural light. overall, great transitional sweater piece for fall. i'm considering exchanging it for an xs since the s seems a bit large. comfy/cozy yet breathable."	1
"It's very beautifully designed, simple but elegant. material is thick and soft so it makes good shape. color is a little different from picture but it didn't disappoint me because everything else is so good."	1
"I liked the details on the front a d back of this top. while i was pregnant i purchased the white color in the small. everything fit, suprisingly, the top even covered up my pregnant belly. i returned it since i didn't want a top with so much room in the waist area post pregnancy. i recently got this top in the xs thinking that it will be a great stylish breasting top. while everything fit in the hips, and waist, the chest area was too tight. this top did not work for me as i am in between sizes"	1
Love this hoodie. i bought a large to fit bigger on me and it works well. love the color and embroidery.	1
"I like this layer for fall for many reasons. first of all, the color is a beautiful fall color. the design of the vest is flattering when wore with skinny jeans or leggings. the weight of the vest is perfect for the cooler weather. it is not too heavy, it's fairly lightweight. i am a size 6 and the small fit perfectly."	1
"Perfection.  fits like other pilcto jackets and vests.  tapers in slightly at waist for flattering fit   weight is light for summer but substantial and good quality.  silver buttons, not bronze or copper.  slight stretch, super comfy.  no regret!"	1
"I bought the grey and white plaid shirt in a large. i'm 165, 36d and the top closes without gaping - even when i push my shoulders back. it's kind of sheer, so will wear a cami underneath. the waist nips in right where it should - giving a trim silhouette. adorable and fun top, without being cutesy. love tylho tops!"	1
"This is a gorgeous dress. it comes with a black silky belt, but mine was too large, which is probably why it is not shown on the model photos. i think maybe it only works if you're on the larger size for the dress. it's very easy to get on and off due to the front zipper. i was worried about bra straps showing on the low cut back, but they actually show more at the broad shoulders. i'm not sure if that's more apparent because i went up on the size to have room at the hips. there is a cute kick p"	1
It is one of my favorites from retailer. i received so many compliments while wearing it! i usually wear a 6 but i sized down to a 4 and still had plenty of room.	1
"I love these tees, i ordered 2 of the map shirt. they are comfortable and stylish. i knew that i would wear it so much, so i bought a spare."	1
I cannot say enough about these chinos. i hope retailer will keep them around for a long time despite the news that says retailer is going the way of jcrew. these pants are more stylish and comfortable than any other chinos i have owned. i am a teacher and being comfortable and stylish at the same time is important. i am a 10 to 12 and a 30 fits me fine. please please retailer keep making these every season in fun colors!!!	1
"I find that maeve shirts tend to run a little small. i'm usually an 8 but needed this in a 10. this shirt is reallly just perfect. great sleeve length. just the right amount of v neck. beautiful pattern with a vintage feel. i love the combo of stripes, polka dots and sweet flowers."	1
"I love, love, love this sweater.  it is slightly fitted so that is drapes beautifully.  notice it has 3/4 length sleeves which is fine for north caroline where it does not really get cold.  i purchased the blue and i wore it with fitted jeans."	1
"I was really pleased with this skirt. the lightness of the fabric is nice and the colors matched the photos. i was initially concerned that it might be stiff and uncomfortable, but it feels like it has a bit of stretch and offers some good movement. sometimes retailer skirts seem to run small to me, but this fit perfectly in my regularl size."	1
"I fell in love with this top the minute i saw it, best of all, i was not disappointed when i tried it on. the fabric is soft and looks classy, the color is a rich and deep emerald green and the quality is really nice. you can dress it up or down depending on the occasion, this top will look gorgeous with a nice pair of jeans or a dressy skirt. true to size :)"	1
"This is a cute pair of jeans. it has a slight flare and just right amount of fringe. they are super soft and and the color is slightly lighter than in photos. tts, not too low hitting right below belly button and a just the right crop length for my 5'4"" height falling ri right above my ankle."	1
I wasn't sure about this top but i had a feeling i needed to at least try it on. it drapes so beautifully and the keyhole neck is a lovely little touch. i love the asymmetric hemline and the fabric is incredibly soft. as far as the fit goes i found that it did run slightly small.	1
"So i tried on the regular size in the store, and love the top, but looked too big on me.  color is gorgeous and rich, the sheer adds a little whimsical to it, and i love the tie-neck trend of lately. would go nicely with jeans (skinny or flare) or trousers, not sure about a skirt though,."	1
"Recently bought these on sale, though they were still a bit in the expensive side. i'm 5'2"" and typically a size 4, the xs fits perfectly. the pants fall to my ankle and are not cropped as they are on the model, but i'm fine with that. the piping on the seams helps them not seem too much like pajamas, and i was particularly pleased that the crotch was not too baggy, as sometimes happens with this style."	1
"Stunning on, but mine was missing a button when i received it. i found a similar button and replaced it. still worth it, even though it arrived ""damaged"""	1
"I picked this up this weekend. so gorgeous! i usually don't do maxi length. at 5'3"" it can be overwhelming. but this is so flattering! this is floor length on me. i picked up a couple tops at another store because the suggested sweaters were just too baggy for my frame. i'll pair it with a cream blouse (pictured) to dress up and a pink crepe blouse and denim jacket for a more casual look. i'm usually a 4 and the small fits perfectly."	1
Purchased in a small. usually a 4-6-8. i layered over a sleeveless dress and i felt amazing. great for those tighter dresses. the fabric is sheer but not super see through. the tassle in the back is so creative. it closes enough in the back to not look weird. i have so many plans for this piece. black is the perfect color too. the collar colors are perfect too.	1
"I bought this in blue and have worn it with jeans, khaki shorts, and camo pedal pushers. added just a perfect amount of feminine detail without being over the top. i'm loving that it shows off my shoulders (they're tan from my vacation and i've been working like a fiend on my arms in the gym). it's well made too!"	1
I recommend zooming in on the fabric as there are like ink streaks on it which at first i thought was a flaw but it is clearly shown--and is actually a nice touch to make these different!  the fit is true to size or a tiny bit small if you are curvy in the hips.  i wear a 10-12 and the l is fine but i wouldn't want them any smaller.  super lightweight the piping detail on the sides is really cute!	1
I love love love this top and have received many compliments. if anything it runs small (i wear size 6 and a 36d bra and the s was roomy)	1
"Love the unique details and neutral color scheme. top is boxy but i liked the way it looked on my 5'2"" 115 lb. frame. it's comfortable and well made. thicker material.  seems to be holding up fine after one washing.  looks great with skinny jeans.  highly recommend!"	1
"This is a great, casual top that can work in all seasons. i love it with skinny pants/jeans."	1
This is longer than i thought it would be- but again i'm petite! i ordered the grey and it's more of a grey green color that is absolutely beautiful. it is such a cute and easy top to wear!	1
"There is so much going on on this dress - it's fantastic. hard to tell from pics - but there is a peek-a-boo lattice detail going down the front and back of the sleeves. the beading is plentiful but not too much for work. dress is significantly longer on me than the model - i'm 5'6"", but still a tad above the knee. with tall boots or booties and tights, this will go straight from work to out for the evening. i'm real long waisted - originally ordered m, but exchanged for l. much better fit overa"	1
"This is a deliciously soft and cozy cashmere sweater. the cashmere is thick and knitted with a ribbed brioche stitch. the sweater is true to size, though a bit boxy, so i did size down for a slightly more fitted and flattering look. the sweater is a little on the short side, but i'm petite, so i thought the regular xxs was perfect. the stitch details are lovely and it it so soft i want to wear it every day. it did start to pill after one wear, but this is the nature of cashmere. i'm very pleased"	1
"Despite being a knit, this skirt holds its shape and is absolutely perfect. it goes with everything and is extremely comfortable."	1
"Love this, but it is not a true white. it's slightly ivory, winter white. please be accurate with color descriptions! it's extremely frustrating when online retailers don't describe colors accurately. it can be hard to see subtle color differences in photos (especially with the color white) due to lighting of the shot. we rely on descriptions when ordering online. it's not difficult to do, really it's not.  that said, i didn't have any armhole trouble as others did. they were sized just right,"	1
This blouse has a nice casual feel with feminine lines and the swingy design is flattering.	1
"I really liked these pants! they are so audrey hepburn. i especially like how they come up high on my waist. i actually bought 3 different pairs of ""essential"" pants and kept all of them. (essential taper and essential slim). i stated that these run small but they just seem to run smaller than the other two. i'm 5'3"" and they are a touch longer than i'd like but that is an easy fix. for reference, i'm 110 lbs and bought size 2 in these and 0 in the others"	1
"I love this dress! it's so comfy and flowy. i wore to an event and got many compliments on the color and design of the dress. i'm 5'5"" and weigh 150."	1
"The combination of vintage and bohemian styles seems as if it would be flattering on all figure types. and i love the combination of smaller and larger prints. the only thing i didn't like is that on the blouse i received, placement of the larger print on the bodice is asymmetrical (unlike the photo). it might not bother some customers, but it wasn't what i was expecting, so i ordered a new one. i may keep it even if the second one is off, because other than that small thing, i think the top wou"	1
I bought this top in the black color and it's great! the lace sleeves are so soft- not itchy at all and it is very flattering.	1
"I so wanted to keep this, but the xs was even too big. i usually take an xs/s petite and thought i could get away with the xs of this. it is just too big. so sad to be returning it, wish it came in an xxs or petite."	1
This sweatshirt is the perfect solution to chilly mornings or evenings. sundry's lightweight fleece is never too warm or cool. the fit is true to size. the short sleeves look even cuter rolled up once or twice. i know i will be getting a lot of use from this top once early summer comes along!	1
I love this suit. the color is stunning and the quality of the material is excellent. a one piece never looked so good!	1
"This is a really beautiful top. the colors are lovely a subtle. it is larger than i expected. i ordered a small which is my usual size and it is more of a baggy tunic. it still works because the material is so sheer, but does not fit me like the photo size down"	1
Love this dress! the color is gorgeous! what you don't see until you see the dress in person is the beautiful detail of the stitched flowers on the dress. i received so many compliments when i wore this dress. the sleeves are sheer and the material light weight. you can wear this dress year round. i love these kind of dresses! retailer knows how to do this right! love this store!	1
"I'm 5'7"" with a 36 b bra size and a size 4 fit perfectly and could not have been more comfortable. one big plus for me is that it is virtually wrinkle free. i purchased the orange which is a lovely muted orange, not neon or too bright and received multiple compliments when i wore it to work the first time."	1
"This dress is a great weight and it's very comfortable. i'm glad i tried it on when i saw it in the store, i probably would have passed it by online. great detail, lined and not see-through! i'm 5'4 and 115lbs and it's still the 0 is still a little baggy, but that is the style of this dress!"	1
"I ordered this dress to possibly wear to my wedding rehearsal dinner. i an adding this review to give some guidance on sizing. i am size 34a and own two other dresses by this designer in size 2. for this dress, however, i had to size up to a 4 in order to close the side zip. i'm 5'7"" and the dress hit me just above the knee. (in my opinion, it would have been more elegant if it was a little longer.) the color combo with the taupe and off white is unique, but wasn't particularly flattering on my"	1
"This can be worn now on its own or as the weather gets colder it will make a great layering piece i bought one and liked it so much i bought it in another color"	1
"I had just bleached my hair really blonde and was in the mood for something pink, so when i saw the rose color of this sweater in the store it fit the bill. nice and easy to wear, a wee bit scratchy but not too bad."	1
"Gorgeous material, great length for tall girls, warm without being too heavy, super soft. i ordered the grey and white in small and have returned them for extra-small. i feel like they run a bit big though i seemed to have gone down a size at retailer in the past year, not sure if its vanity sizing. this is a classic sweater and a timeless staple - elegant and sophisticated. the grey is that nice soft grey that doesn't wash a fair complected person out and is flattering with all complexions. great"	1
I have been staring at these shorts since they first appeared and finally decided to treat myself to them for my birthday. when they came in the mail i was so excited and they in person are even more beautiful and well made then in the picture. but be warned these shorts are rather short so if you don't mind showing a bit of leg these will be right up your alley.	1
"I ordered a size xl in the pink version with the multi-colored fabric. the fit is true to size other than the length. it isn't 27 inches. it's the petite length even though i ordered the regular sizing. i ordered a 2nd one and again, the length was around 25 in. instead of 27. so, it will be more of a swingy, shorter top than shown. but, through the arms/body, it's true-to-size. i'll be dry-cleaning this so it won't shrink since i need the length.  the colors and embroidery are exactly as pict"	1
"I don't if it is me, but usually i am a solid size 6, occasionally an 8.  i had to size up to a 10! the wool is very light, and while it is a weird texture, it isn't scratchy. i liked how the skirt was styled at the store...looks better than it does in the photos online."	1
I really like this romper and i ordered it to fit my bottom. i'm a 6 on the bottom and 4 up top. i ordered a mp to cover the bottom and a petite for my height. it's a keeper but i will be belting or adding something to cinch it at the waist so that it has more of a shape.	1
I love the sweater online and even more in person! i paired it with a long sleeve top with a bell sleeve and it looked great!! very bohemian look!	1
"Get creative with the neckline or let it fall where ever. this is a purposefully slouchy, uber casual, super soft"	1
"I can't get enough off-the-shoulder tops. so even though this is out of season, i went for it...in both colors! my only con is the fabric has a slight sheen which cheapens the look a tad. like i'd read in other reviews, it does run a bit small for this cut top - i just wanted a bit more volume in the neck hole and in the waist since i won't be tucking in. if you want it more fitted and ruched around the waist, go for your normal size. i'll be ordering a small in both colors because i know i won'"	1
"I consider myself fairly busty (34 d), but i didn't have any problems wearing my normal size small/medium.....i actually went with the small. the lace inset doesn't give, but it wasn't tight at all. i love the flow of the blouse....it is going to be a great transitional piece into fall!"	1
Beautiful and high quality. unfortunately it made me look top-heavy. i am a 36dd .	1
"Hesitated to try it on because it was ""t-shirt dress"" and my experience has been that fabric is unforgiving for dimples or imperfections   i was wrong with this one. it's great!  color is nice. fabric looks textured bc of the dye. the neck line is perfect (i like a lower v) and the length is great bc of the side slits. i tried it on with the front panel knotted at the bottom (how it was on the hanger) and i love it.  had to get. can dress up or down, but i'd say this has mostly a casual feel."	1
"The skirt really is beautiful - the blue and coral are brighter in person than in the picture above. it's a nice lightweight material that feels quality, but has too much stretchy spandex in it for my tastes. i had the same problem as others - the skirt runs very small. i am usually a size 6, and while i could zip the 6 up, the skirt had those puckers that come from being a size too small."	1
"I love this summery blouse. it sits at high hip, so no tucking in! the sleeves are fluttery and flattering to the arm. i own this same pattern in a knit, and like it so much i got the woven when i saw it. the only downsides are that it has to be ironed and it the sleeves are too big to layer under a sweater."	1
"These are very cute and i bought both colors. they are accurately pictured. however, right out of the bag they had an especially strong chemical-type odor. must be the dye. i have been airing them outside in the sun trying to decide if i will keep them. they seem to be ""calming down"" a bit but it's been two days!! they are not jersey but are a non-stretchy type fabric with a slight sheen. dress up or down. i'm a 00 or 24 and the xs fit well."	1
"I was so pleasantly surprised when i received this in the mail, because it's much more substantial than i thought it would be. it's perfect for fall and spring and the lining is very soft. i thought it'd be more difficult to wear but it goes well with everything! i ordered my usual size small and am happy with the fit."	1
"This is the cutest sweater. i bought it today in black. i cannot wait to wear it. it is a lovely, distinctive knit & just the right weight to layer as shown with a white blouse or with a turtleneck. i tried both the xs and s; and i decided to go with the s as it still emphasized that i have waist, but i could layer it nicely. i am 5'4"", 130 lb. you can always count on angel of the north for great style."	1
"I wasn't sure about this dress when i ordered it online, but thought i would give it a try. i am 5'2"" (ordered an xs) and thought i may be too short to pull something like this off, and that it might look like a moo-moo or maternity dress on me. but, i absolutely love it! my husband does too...very sexy and low-key. i wore it for the first time today and received 5 compliments within an hour! this is going to be one of my favorites!"	1
Received many compliments the first day i wore them.. amazing fit. disagree with the other post. the quality is amazing. i wish they had other colors. bought xs	1
"I got the tan one. my friend got the same skirt. she's tiny, i'm not (i have hips). we both got a size 6, and it fit us both. it just sits higher on my waist than it does on hers (above my navel - not above hers). i do have a small waist. the skirt has a lot of movement, but isn't poofy. it is not see-through. it has that retailer charm, where it looks pretty basic but is really flattering and charming. a new wardrobe staple. can dress it up or down. only problem is the zipper in the back -"	1
Easy to wear.  the fabric is super soft and the shape is very flattering.   i really like the shirt hem at the bottom.	1
"I love this dress so much. the fabric on top is not something i would have chosen-it is thick and almost an elastic kind of feel. but i have grown to appreciate that since this dress is not amenable to most bras. i think the fabric would be thick enough on top to actually just do without one. otherwise you would have to go with a strapless-and the right kind of strapless, with this dress.  when they say it flares it really does-and much more than i was expecting. the bottom part of the skirt f"	1
Absolutely wonderful - silky and sexy and comfortable	1
Probably the most comfortable jeans i have ever owned. they are more comfortable even than yoga leggings. they look and fit like real jeans while feeling like loungewear. i have nothing negative to say about them.	1
"The quality of this top is wonderful. thick enough to prevent see-through, but thin enough to create a beautiful drape. the fringe details are lovely. the top is slightly roomy (ranks between ""true to size"" and ""runs large,"" i.e., leaves room in the back when i clasp my hands together and stretch them out in front of me), but not really enough to size up. i'm 5'-4"", 120 lbs., athletic build, and the small fits well. my only issue with the aesthetic is that the pattern of the lace on the upper pa"	1
"This is a gorgeous flowy top. i paired it with a pair of army green pants and have received a ton of compliments. you can dress this top up for a night out or for work, or style it for a fun evening out. you will be very pleased with this top."	1
Will be cute in the summer months and with a pair of sweater tights will work for holiday parties. doesn't seem to come in a petite which is a bummer so i sized down. .	1
"I love this sweater dress and get compliments every time i wear it.. i bought the navy in size xs. the pattern and colors are just fun and youthful, although you don't have to be young to look good in this dress. the dress is fitted, but the skirt flares, making it flattering if you have hips like me. the material is not too heavy so you can wear this 3 seasons fall, winter, spring. as other reviews have mentioned the dress is short. i am 5'9"" so it does hit well above my knees. this isn't an is"	1
"The top is so soft, and the lace detail in the backs makes this your no-so-average chambray top. the fit is flattering for a curvy figure."	1
I was afraid it would be too poufy but it isn't at all. i'd say it runs a bit large. i usually wear a 6 or 8 and the 6 fits perfectly.	1
"Gorgeous blush color, soft flowing material made for a perfect outdoor summer wedding guest dress. the elastic around the waist could have been slightly tighter as the dress is a bit weighted but not loose enough to deter my purchase. i'm curvy and this dress was very flattering. i'm on the shorter side and didn't buy the petite (it wasn't available in store and i bought this the day before the wedding); i had to pick up the dress to walk up steps but was fine otherwise in 2 inch heels. i receiv"	1
"I almost bought this tank online, but decided to wait. once i saw it in the store, i knew i had to have it. i bought it in the ivory color, which is perfect. the gold details are subtle, and so pretty. i don't find it too sheer, as some of the other reviews have stated. the cut is so flattering, and it is easy to wear to work when paired with a cardigan."	1
"The dress is well-made and very nice, just didn't suit all of my lumps and bumps. wasn't super forgiving. also, i'm 5'8"" and it was a bit shorter than i expected. otherwise, a great dress!"	1
"I love camisoles like this, and retailer always has great ones! it has a nice length, so the lace detail can show underneath a jacket or shorter cardigan. it's fitted, but not tight."	1
"Super cute and comfy, perfect for fall and winter (apre ski!). great with skinny jeans or leggings and ankle boots."	1
Love this top (and every top tiny puts out).  runs very small.  i normally wear an xs but i got a m in this top.  so pretty and great detail	1
"Bought this blouse to wear with high wasted jeans and pants. it lays beautifully and can be dressed up or down. it's somewhat sheer, but i don't plan on wearing a cami under it. perfect for work or going out."	1
"I love this dress. i'm 6' so it's a tad bit shorter than what shows on the model. it stops right at my ankles, which i'm okay with. it's a heavier fabric so it's maybe not good for those really hot, humid days. all-in-all it is super flattering on my hourglass figure. for reference, i'm a 38dd and normally wear a large in dresses at retailer. i ordered the large."	1
"There is so much i love about this dress. like many of the other reviewers i simply love the fabric. it's soft and comfy but has texture and interest at the same time. there's beautiful detail to it as well. the edging at the neckline and hemline are unfinished and beautifully so. having said all that, i like many other reviewers i just don't have the body type to pull it off. there wasn't one angle that didn't make me look even bigger than i am. the pleating in the front, while very cute, gave"	1
"I tried this on yesterday in the store because i was drawn by the rich purple color and pretty print. i took my usual size 2 (5'2"", 110 lbs) and while it fit well, it did leave too much room in the bust and around the shoulders/arms. i had the store order me a 2 petite, and am confident that this will help. the shape of the dress is a bit straighter than it appears in the picture and it didn't gather in the waist at all, but i still found it flattering. i'm sure i will get great use out of this"	1
I love these jeans. they can be dressed up or dresses down. super cute with tall boots or loafers. i wear them all the time.	1
Love the design (i got the blue and green one). it was more see-through than i thought but the pattern covers it so it doesn't matter what color bra you wear.	1
Love this top. looks much better on than the hanger. the color and fabric are very nice.	1
"I cannot even tell you how many pairs of white jeans i have tried on in my quest to find white jeans! all brands and all styles and finally i took a chance on these and have found the ones! these are great quality, as true for any ag pants i have ever purchased. they are a crisp white and are not see through and the fit is amazing! i have athletic legs and with my muscular thighs and calves it has been difficult to find a pair of white jeans that didn't hug to tightly and therefore fitting poorl"	1
"Love this top! i've worn it once and received several compliments. i'm 5'7"", 127, and the small fit well. i'm happy with my purchase."	1
"Yes, this top runs large and it doesn't show your curves, but it's still really cute and fun to wear. i first purchased the beautiful sage color, and after getting compliments, i also ordered the navy version. these tops are easy to wear, have an interesting detail at the neck, and could be layered. cozy, comfortable, stylish. love mine!"	1
"I was in the store looking specifically for long sleeved tops that are cute and found this! pretty color pinky purple and my usual xs is perfect. i'm 5'6"", 127 lbs, 34b. love this--definitely unique and feminine. and--no--nary a smell in the mix!"	1
"I am 5-9 1/2"" tall, 150 lbs, i bought the 8 in the honey color. they fit perfectly. there is some stretch and they are super soft! which for some reason is totally why i buy clothes. the length is good since they are capris. also, they did not have my size in store, so they had them shipped, for free, to my home. received them within 3 business days.  i would very much recommend them for a casual, fun look. the honey color will look great with navy, grey, and white for summer."	1
"Found this cute little black sweater on the sale rack in a small and it fit perfect. it is flattering and will look great over a tank top or strappy dress. the little details of chiffon around the collar and the tiny cutout holes around the back, the softness, and the little detail on the back bottom make this a perfect go to sweater for me. i only say it runs small because it is a cropped style so expect it to be short, but i would agree that the arms are more to the snug side than the loose fi"	1
Cute top for jeans or capri pants. love the sleeve length.	1
"Cute skirt and print, but high waisted. also was more snug so think it runs a tad small. i wanted to tuck in a shirt like shown in picture, but it looks goofy because the waist is so high. also there is no flexibility there so size up if you want to wear it lower. the model's arms are covering her waist so hard to tell what proportion looks like on her. i'm 5'4 so might work better on a taller person. sending back."	1
"I purchased this jacket in a pxs, as i am 5'2"" and 110lbs. the sleeve length is perfect! the fabric is soft and lightweight, which is perfect for living in southern california. i don't feel any itchiness either. the rest of the jacket fits me perfectly and hits right at the top of my hips.    there are two cute grommets on each side at the bottom by the hem, which add nicely to the look. i like how the sleeves are ribbed, giving it a comfy sweater feel. there's also two zippered pockets, whic"	1
"This shirt fits well, is flattering, and has a really pretty pattern to it. the lace adds a romantic touch that sets it apart. it's also incredibly soft and comfortable."	1
I bought it to mainly wear as a coat but i think it'd be great with some leggings and boots as well. if you want a more structured look go a size smaller. i plan on wearing this more as outer wear so i went with large. the coral is beautiful	1
"I have a number of mother denim items (jeans, skirts, etc) in a variety of sizes and, unfortunately, i find mother sizing very inconsistent. this skirt is no exception! it is, as expected, high quality: primarily cotton with a fair amount of stretch; very soft; frayed at both the hem and the waistband; and, it runs a little small, i have another mother pencil skirt in a size smaller that is actually wider than this skirt; still not sure if i'lll keep it."	1
This blouse is wonderful. i just got and wore the wine colored blouse today. i received so many compliments. i love it and with the sale price it is so worth it.	1
This top is gorgeous! the print is lovely and the material and cut are well constructed. can't wait to wear!	1
I love this dress. you can wear it for everyday or you can put some bling with it and dress it up. it fits very well. flattering. i highly recommend!!	1
"This dress was overall cute, but you have to have an olive/darker complexion or a nice tan to really pull it off because it is such a pale pink. i'm very fare, but normally can do light punks, but this one just clashed. it does run pretty true to size. if you're on the edge between a smaller or bigger size, i recommend the smaller size however. hope this helps y'all!"	1
"Love the design of these pants and they are super comfortable. perfect for running errands but managing not to look like you just rolled out of bed. bought the regular m size (usually i want petite because i'm 5'1"") and while they are a little long they still fit relatively well"	1
"I love the way this coat looks in the website. it turned out to be a little different than i thought it would be. can't decide if i will keep it. the sleeves are bracelet length, i have long arms so slightly awkward for me. i ordered the small even though i wear a medium in everything else (5'8"", 135 #). so glad i did because it is biggish on me. it is unlined but made of a lovely, soft wool. the edges are all finished with a bias edging which is unique and well done. it is boxy, very. lovely wo"	1
"This is probably the softest, most flattering hoodie that i have ever worn. i can dress it up or down and it has drapes really beautifully. great for spring & summer, love it as a coverall at the beach. my partner rarely compliments my clothes and actually told me how much he liked the way it looked on me. highly recommend."	1
"I have never bought the mother brand before, but at close to 200$ i was expecting something fabulous. at size 29 (my usual) i couldn't even get them on my leg. i can't imagine how many sizes i'd need to go up to even get them to fit!"	1
I love this dress. even more beautiful in person ??	1
This is an amazing looking skirt. it has such an exciting pattern on it and is very flattering. it is very light weight though....almost flimsy. but...it is not a deal breaker. i wear it and love it!	1
"Love white jeans and these meet expectations. i'm 5'9"" and 145lbs and usually wear size 29 in pilcros but these run a little roomier than others i've bought. going to dry them to see if i can shrink them a bit, but still fine and super comfy. ties on the bottom are fun."	1
"Just grabbed this today! great find. i paired it with a white blouse with blue polka dots....will pair with anything though, with great neutral colors. white or blue jean jackets, sweaters....the skirt has a little stretch for my hourglass figure, but would work with any type body i think. a many season skirt, perfect for traveling."	1
"I finally got my backorder today. i have a feeling that they might have rushed to make these and cut costs during production because as per all the reviews, i ordered my usual xs (122 lbs, 5'5"", 32d) and it just fits. all reviews previously before the backordered shirts were sent out, stated that the shirts ran big and people who normally wear a medium, bought an xs. i will keep my xs, but i would have purchased a small for a roomier fit. i have to wear a tank under it because it's short in the"	1
"This top is beautiful! it drapes just like the picture with gorgeous details in the back. this is what i expect from retailer! i am 5'4"", 120# and 34b and took my size small so i would say tts. i tried it on with a strapless nude colored bra and it was not visible. give it a try you won't regret it!"	1
"I get a lot of compliments on this dress, it's bright and cheerful for sure! it runs maybe a bit large but is a great summer dress!"	1
I wore this dress to work the other day and got so many compliments on the fit and the design - the wrap on the top. i got it in grey and it's a beautiful color for winter. the dress is very comfortable to wear.	1
"So many retailer coats have gotten away from me. sold out before i could purchase. i bought this during the holidays when it went on sale. i did not want this the be the one that got away. so glad i did. the colors are beautiful, the sweater is really a coat. so it justifies the price. what a gorgeous piece to wear with all of my retailer clothes. length of arms was fine on me. i bought a large. i am 5 foot six."	1
I just received this beautiful suit. i have purchased a boyleg from seafolly before and loved it! this color way is totally different. it is a white background with a floral pattern that is not over the top. i am a 32 dd and wear a clothing size 4. i purchased the 6. this suit definitely will accommodate small bust too. my sister is a 34 b size 4 clothing and it fit as well. way to go retailer with another winner!!!!	1
I am in love with this dress. ordered online in both my usual 4 and 6 (i go back and forth) and this time i kept the six. there is a little bit of stretch to the fabric but it has nice structure and the cap sleeves make it a welcome addition to my wardrobe. i plan on wearing this as a day-to-night dress since it's appropriate for work and for an evening out.	1
"You must have this vest for your fall/winter wardrobe. the design is extremely flattering to the female curves. i love the feminine ruffles. the pockets are a bonus. the vest is vegan-friendly. a hundred percent polyester! i normally wear a medium, but the small size fits me better. as an artist, i like to wear with my red plaid retailer shirt. hurry and get this vest before they are sold out. i'm sick i missed out on the museum district vest. all the smalls were sold out. i hope my experie"	1
Love this top! very feminine and looks cute with heels and jeans or can be worn more casually too!	1
"This is a fun, cozy sweater. i feel you can dress it up and use it casual too. i bought the ivory in size s, i'm 5'2''. although i put it runs true to size, it's is a tad tight around my upper arms, not uncomfortable. i have normal to somewhat skinny arms, so i don't think it was my body type. i didn't check other sweaters in the same size to see if it was an isolated case. it is to be worn loose, it has quite a bit of material all around mid to lower part, just fyi."	1
"This top is super cute and is very flattering. however, i have trouble getting in and out of it. there is one zipper on the side but it almost seems like it needs to go higher up in order to help you put it on and take it off."	1
"I have no need for this dress but had to have it. i read the reviews and when there was a sale weekend, pulled the trigger on it. just as reviewers noted, it's very flattering. from the front. and, just as another reviewer noted, the back torso is widely misshapen, creating a hunchback look. but i figured a good tailor could make it right. it's going to cost just under 2 jacksons to do it. which is about how much the discount was for the sale. but i expect to have this dress for years and can't"	1
"Lovely, flowing dress w a boho vibe. pretty design and fabric. agree w comments re stiff slip fabric but will keep it anyway. should be a great summer dress"	1
"I love this top- it's loose and flowy, yet flattering, and the colors are fun. the armholes are cut a little low, so a cami is necessary. after one wash and lay flat dry, the wrinkling is substantial. hope i can steam it back to its normal shape."	1
This is a beautiful dress! i bought the red color in petite and love it. i know i will wear it a lot and the style is really easy to wear. i feel amazing in it even tho my post baby body isn't what it was.	1
"I'm so glad i found this gem in the store, as the online pic does this shirt no justice!  the green version is vibrant and adorable, and this shirt is lightweight, without being see-through.  for sizing reference: i'm 5'4"", 135 lbs, 34c and a size 6 petite.  i tried this in the store in a size 4 and an 8 (only sizes they had) and rushed home to order it online in a 6.  perfect fit, so i believe its true to size.  the little details...the buttons and stitching make this shirt such a winner!"	1
I love the unique style of this dress. the bell sleeves and the rather fitted body that poofs out at the end put the focus on these details. as for fit ... i'm a standard xs petite and the xsp fits to a tee.	1
"Just as pictured, this little top is just too cute! the fit is exceptional, and quite flattering. another very feminine top, and the yellow color is perfect! i love pairing yellow with black, of course...but also with reds, blues...and it looks great with white 'pedal pushers'!!! i think they call them 'cropped' now a days! at any rate...this is a first rate top that i highly recommend!"	1
"Nice jeans, fit true to size and look as pictured. i recommended those to a friend and she bought and liked them as well."	1
I love these jeans. they are flattering and don't sag after wearing them for a hour or two. they look great with flats or booties.	1
"I purchased this blouse in black. love it. this blouse goes with everything from jeans to work to cocktail. it is perfect! my only wish is that it came in a colors. i would add navy, red, green, white. i'm tempted to purchase another one just so i never have to worry about the one i have wearing out. buy it - you won't be sorry."	1
"Purchased this sweater in an xs, grey pattern (for reference, 5'4"", small frame) and was worried it would be too overwhelming. this is not the case! the pattern is the perfect scale and the sweater hit just right. it seems to be true to size. i especially love the bracelet length turned back sleeves. it's a little pricey, but i think it will be worth it because it is so different!"	1
I love this gown so much. i have two of them! the gray and pink. they are really soft and comfortable. i sleep in them all of the time.	1
"36dd, 10/12 in tops, 12/14 in bottoms this is a wonderfully soft and warm sweater. the pink color is heathered with some grey and goes with just about any neutral bottom. the neckline was a little fiddly when i first tried it on, however like one of the previous reviewers i folded the left side under a bit to make an asymmetrical cowl neck, and it lays very nicely and looks great. runs a little big, i tried the medium and it fits perfectly. another great sweater from moth!"	1
"I'm wearing this top today at work and i feel very cute walking through the hallways. it's a little long in the back, because i'm short, but overall i enjoy wearing it. it's comfortable, casual, girly, and well made. i'm happy with it."	1
"I get compliments on this top every single time i wear it. the pattern is so pretty, and while it's very lightweight, it still drapes nicely. i would caution that someone with a larger chest may find that the shape is not quite right - i am a 34d and just on the cusp of having it be too balloon-y on top."	1
"I bought it in the cream color and loved it so much that i bought it in black too. super cute with jeans! can dress it up too. the only slight negative, if i had to find one, is that i feel like i have to pull it forward, at the neckline every once in a while...it doesn't choke me but just feels like it's heavier in the back so pulls a bit. worth it though! :)"	1
"Just love this sweater, have it in both colors. can be dressed up or more casual!"	1
"Ok, here is the story: i am 5'5"", 118 lb, 34c. i got a 4 and a 6, both are s tad tight at the chest and shoulder area, but i have big shoulders; i am keeping the 6. there is plenty material at the waist and below, but the dress does not look frumpy, at least on me it does not. i like the picture with the belt and i will wear it that way too. i also like the sleeves, they make it easier to wear at work. the material is lovely and so is the embroidery and cut-out. it really is a sweet summer dress"	1
I got the brown one and i'm very please with the softness of the thread and the light weight feel of the fabric.	1
"Based on previous reviews i ordered this shirt in both a small and medium. i have fairly broad shoulders, and thought i might not fit my usual small (if it helps for reference, i am 5'6"", 123 lbs, and wear a 32c bra). i first tried on the small and didn't even bother opening the medium. i have a hard time finding blouses that fit in the torso without pulling at the bust (i think this is more related to my wide shoulders as opposed to actual bra size). with this blouse the buttons don't pull at a"	1
"I like this dress very much. the colors are great and the style cute and casual. its perfect with a pair of cognac riding boots and tights. it really is depicted well in the model photo, although i think it may be cut somewhat shorter than it appears in the photo. i am 5'9"" and its shorter on me than on the model who, i imagine, is taller than me. the dress is made of a substantial, tight knit material. i found it to be a bit boxy so i washed and tumble dried it, hoping to tighten it up a bit. t"	1
"Fun take on the white shirt- it is flattering and fun. and yes- very soft material so comfy! but as others have stated, the material is very thin so your full bra outline will show- or you throw on a cami."	1
"Great dress! needs a tank top underneath, but has a great shop."	1
"I ordered this in xs and s. they both fit very well and i couldn't tell much difference between the two. i kept the s as it seemed to have a little more length on it. i am 5'4"" about 120#. i wish this were offered in lots of different solids and more patterns (the taupe and white stripe...hint hint hint) too. it's just perfect. i am in my mid 40s and have young kids so it's great for my life right now! comfortable too!"	1
"I'm not sure why they call this ""black"" because what you see in this pictures depicted is pretty much the shade in person. the fabric itself is lovely. it made my wider hips look smaller! :)  ___________ pros: - drapes beautifully on the body, especially for curvier gals. - not black but a deep navy/velvet look and feel. - very forgiving and stretchy. - perfect length in front and back. - hides imperfections wonderfully. - soft, flows well, and unique!  cons: - material is thin, not for winter a"	1
"I tried this dress on in the store, and nearly bought it. other reviewers commented on the tight chest, but i must admit, this was the one part of the dress that fit like a dream on me. however, i am very small busted (34a). the waist is very flattering, as well. but, the skirt seemed to poof out at the wrong spots (namely, where the pockets are- i love pockets, but not when they create extra bulk at my widest points) and the skirt was about two or three inches longer than i would've liked. anyt"	1
Wore for the 4th with white jeans super cute love the ruffle	1
"Based on other reviews i was hesitant to order, but i loved the colors and design in the blouse. it was on major sale so i took a chance and could not be more pleased. it is very sheer as other reviewers have noted so i was expecting that. i wear a cami under nearly everything so no problem for me. the colors are tdf and i can wear well into fall down here in south ms. there were a few strands of thread hanging from various seams but i gently clipped with scissors. if you are attracted to the to"	1
"I love this dress. i ordered the small, i am 5'2"" and 116ibs. the dress fell right at my knee cap. i had it altered in length 2"" and now it looks great. i was a little concerned about having to cut off some of the print design elements, but it didn't effect the look ."	1
"The quality of he fabric is amazing. the thickness is perfect as to look form fitting while not too tight or thin showing any ""wrinkles."" i had been searching for a versatile turtleneck i could dress up or down a finding this was a definite win! the style is timeless and with the high quality i know this will be a staple for years to come."	1
"This is one of the most flattering tops i've ever owned. i'm a little confused by the other reviews, because the model in the photo doesn't have it tacked in the back. you can see on the photo of the back, there's a button to pull it in which makes it so incredibly flattering. it's soft and beautiful, but very delicate. i'd wash it separately and carefully, and rarely :) i actually had to return my first one because of a hole in the material. overall, one of my new favorite tops."	1
Love the print of this fabric & the length. the buckles at the waist add a unique look so no belt necessary.	1
"I find it very hard to find a dress. never like the way they look on me..this one???? fits like a glove, flatters my silhouette (which is difficult because even though i am at a good weight my waist is never small). looks like million bucks on me....i love it!!!"	1
"I bought these pants on a whim while i was at my local retailer. i was so delighted after trying them on because i've never tried on a pair of linen pants that i actually liked. they definitely have more of a flair leg rather than straight leg like the picture suggests. i wore them for several hours at a party and they didn't stretch that much on me. i agree with the other review in that they do get a little wrinkly but not much more than what i would expect from linen fabric. i'm 5'3"" so t"	1
"This little jacket is so soft and perfectly lightweight. the color goes with everything! more money than i wanted to spend, but i am so glad i took a chance and ordered online. it is exactly what i was looking for!"	1
I purchased this sweater online and it's amazing. styling with jeans is nice but to me dark navy pants works the best.	1
"This was a lovely skirt. the colors are beautiful, and the style is not too poofy like other ball skirts. it is very high waisted, and at 5'8"" the length was similar to the model."	1
Love this sweater! i almost passed it up on-line because i didn't notice the snails. the sweater is navy and the snails are black. they are so cute and such a fun and unique little accent. the material is a moderate to light-weight sweater. the length was perfect. i have inadvertently purchased a bunch of cropped sweaters this year - this one is not cropped - yay!! the sleeves are actually a bit on the long side. i sized up a little with the idea of wearing it over long sleeved tops. i am typica	1
I love the tiger print. its subtlety is the perfect added quirk to an outfit.	1
It is a little roomy so if you're between sizes go with the smaller. i think it's flattering even if you have a larger chest. love the details and the fabric is a good weight and quality!	1
"This is a fairly high quality tank which i purchased in blue-green. it's narrower at the top, more voluminous at the bottom and a heavier knit than i expected, so i'm a little concerned about stretching over time, but i'll be careful washing it and enjoy it till that day does (or doesn't) come."	1
"This top will be great in 3 seasons. i can wear it alone in summer to dress up and with a blazer or sweater in fall and winter. the velvet is beautiful and luxurious without being excessive or too much. it's very soft and comfortable on the skin, although a little larger than i expected. i ordered my usual size small and probably should have gone down a size."	1
"The fabric is very light weight, more of a shirting material.  this surprised me because the dark flowers almost looked like flocked velvet in the picture.  the flowers are actually printed on cotton that has woven stripes.  it is so soft and light!  there is also a little webbing detail in the front yoke but nothing shows because there is a simple sewn in lining.  the skirt is not lined but the hem is weighted with a trim so that the skirt will hang right.  very flattering.  it does run big tho"	1
"I like the skirt. that said it is going to the tailor to have some of the fullness taken out. just a lot of material going on, and heavier than you might have imagined. i will wear it fall & winter with white & navy cardigans."	1
Beautiful print. agree with other reviewers that the small snap at the bust is inadequate for anyone with a d or greater bust size. the dress was a perfect length on me with heels - even after i kicked off my heels i didn't find it too long like other reviewers. wind does open op the front so i may get it altered so it's no longer a true wrap dress	1
I love these jeans-the minute you put them on they feel broken in and comfortable. they do have a long inseam and need to be worn with a stacked heel but that adds to the aesthetic. i ordered my normal size-i usually wear a 27 and could have kept them-but wanted a snugger fit through the bum. so i gave them to a friend and ordered one size down and got the perfect fit for me.	1
"I have bought 4 of these, but after 1st wash on 2 of them and they were in a lingere bag, there are little holes on the front of each, now they are bum around shirts. if they go on sale i will purchase, but the material needs to be better."	1
Very comfy! can wear the dress both ways! the front is a deep swoop neck cut. the back is a v-neck cut. i flipped the dress around to the v-neck was more flattering on me due to having a smaller chest. got an size 4.	1
Love classical look and this dress may look great on not so much curvy shape. price is great with extra 40% off so considering to get dark red one as well now!	1
"Bought these shorts in the store, in navy and loved them so much that i ordered them in the taupe. for some reason, the taupe pair is shorter but they still fit beautifully. the fabric is ligher weight than denim so i wear them a lot. love pilcro!!!"	1
This top is so good i bought every. single. color. i sized up for more flow but it does run true to size. this is that sweet little summer top that we all long for!	1
"This top was surprisingly very flattering. it hugged my curves in just the right way and the slits on the side are a nice touch. i'm 5'2"" and about a 34c and the xs was tight (in a good way) around my chest and then more flowy after. soft material and the red color is beautiful!"	1
"This blouse in the purple motif is lovely. unfortunately for me, it runs small."	1
This skirt is a great length and nice piece for fall/winter. i love the color. it fits like a high waisted skirt would which is why i purchased the next size up.	1
Great purchase. true to size. so flattering. love it simplicity.. buy it if you enjoy compliments!	1
"I had to order this dress in three different sizes to get it right. i'm 5'6"" and 125, but have a petite frame with curves, so i ordered the small petite; the sleeves and length were too short. then i tried the small regular, and i swam in that one; way too much fabric. the i tried the xs and it fit perfectly. it does stretch around the bust line, so wearing a red bra would look tacky as you can see through the lighter fabric, but black or nude is fine, or even a slip or a tank would cure that is"	1
"The girls at the local retailer are big fans of coh, & i've been thinking maybe i shld try them out. i ordered these online in the size 29, as i am usually a 28/29 in skinnys. i am a little hard to please, or say hard to fit in skinny jeans. i like a snug good looking skinny but not so much if it's uncomfortable. paying full price it is expected for the look & fit to be perfect. even if on sale, i won't go it if i think something is not right for me. at 5'3"", 117#, slender legs, skinnys are either"	1
"This caftan is very light and well-made. i love the colors and designs on this fabric. i was worried that it might make me look boxy, but it accentuates my figure surprisingly well. the fabric is so soft!!! i'm amazed at the price because this is a really beautiful cover-up."	1
"This top definitely drew my attention when i walked into the store. i loved the back and the fabric is super soft/silky. i tried it one and the usual 0 - fit nicely, i don't have petite to compare, or 00, but i decided to stick with 0. it will look so nice with white shorts (or navy# or jeans or even my denim pencil skirt... why i decided to buy it #i really must avoid the store!)  115 lbs for reference..."	1
"I love the look of peplum tops, i think they are very forgiving, and they do a fantastic job of hiding my residual baby weight while still allowing me to look like i have an amazing figure (not washed out figure). i have several peplum tops, but most of them are made out of a thicker fabric and they don't have much movability. i absolutely love this one because it is a more casual design and much more comfortable than i am used to while still keeping the integrity of the peplum design. the fabri"	1
"This just arrived and it looks exactly like the photo. very well made, crisp and lovely. not see thru at all which is a plus. a bit overpriced but going to keep it."	1
"I tried the pink color on in the fall and liked it but wasn't sure how much i'd wear it for the price. i ordered down a size in the maize for the holidays when it went on sale. i think i prefered the subtlety of the pink/blush color. the maize is a goldenrod yellow, not as light a shade as it looks in the online picture. i'll still keep it because it is super comfy, though the sequins don't show as well as on the blush. it will look cute with leggings and boots or high heels. i didn't find it to"	1
Gorgeous! purchased in red; color is glowing if you have warm complexion/cool undertones.	1
Very comfortable to wear. you can wear it any season.  it runs true to size.  nice fabric.  it&amp;#39;s a simple black dress.  love it!	1
"This blouse is so pretty! i love the design, the material, and the pattern is so unique. i love the sleeves and how they billow out just above the elbow and come in at the wrist. i think the amount of fabric is perfect and would not be nearly as nice with less. the cut around the top where it starts to gather and fall is so feminine and modern princess-feeling. i hope they make this same style in other colors and prints!!! i adore it and feel so good wearing it! if i could change anything, i'd m"	1
"Adorable, true to size and just as pictured. there is no hook and eye clasp as stated but still cute. light weight and will be perfect over dresses and summer tanks. wish there were additional colors. i love the white though."	1
"Oh my!! this dress is so cute! it fits me exactly like the pictures. i usually wear a 6 or 8 and ordered a medium. i maybe could have worn a small as well though. there is a lot of fabric to this dress, so if you're under 5'6"", it might overwhelm you! i'm 5'6"" and the medium was barely sleepy the floor in a low heel! this is s dress you can dress up or down. i also appreciated the neckline not being too revealing. and pockets!! that was a nice surprise! the fabric is a little thicker, so it's no"	1
Looks great on. i am 5'11 and the length is perfect hits above the knee but not too short. also room in the chest area.	1
Love this tunic. i bought it in black and wore it with skinny jeans and flat black boots and received many compliments. can be dressed up for work or worn with distressed jeans on the weekend.	1
"I originally purchased this in my usual retailer size 6 (vanity size lol), and was nervous that the neck would be tight, based on the other reviews. however, once i tried it on i realized that in my usual size the body was a little too wide and didn't create any shape. i ended up exchanging for and keeping a size 4 and it fits much better in the body and i did not have a problem with any tightness in the neck in either size. for reference i'm 5'7"", 36dd 135lbs.  i would say this items runs true"	1
"Hahaha! as gorgeous as this piece is, i look absolutely ridiculous in it. i am 5'7'' 115 lbs but have a long torso and so the crotch area is, well, a little unflattering to say the least:) i am really sad because i shy away from shorts due to my year round pale skin, but this fabric and color worked really well for me. the length of the shorts is also nice and the back is beautiful! i've never had a romper and i was truly hoping this one would be the one for me. it is all round perfect...if you"	1
"Such a lovely skirt. i plan on wearing it to a formal event, but could definitely see dressing it down with a jean jacket. it is so feminine and beautiful. well made and fits fine."	1
"Another lovely, billowy top. i tried on the xsp and the bottom was just huge. and i have a huge bottom - haha! it flowed out so far in the back that it looked silly. it's too bad, because from the waist up, it looks great!"	1
"These pants are so great. i was debating between them and some sateen denim style pants from another store, but these definitely take the cake. the fit is awesome--although i am a 26 in the green and a 27 in the black, so that's kind of weird."	1
This romper is adorable!!! i love the long sleeves!	1
"Love these sateen jeans. they are a bit more polished than regular, flat black jeans, but not too shiny. i am 5'9"" and always wear a 27 in ag jeans and these were consistent with my usual size and fit perfectly. the mid-rise is very comfortable and the length on me is about the same as on the model (hits above my ankles). they're easy to dress up or down, and i have a feeling i'll be getting a lot of use out of them."	1
"Love the fit, feel and colors of this tee. looks great with white jeans, blue jeans and is so springy. longer in length than most tees which is a plus for me. may run a tad small since i am usually an xs in most tops but i bought a s and love the fit."	1
This jacket is beautiful and easily dresses an outfit up and can just as easily be dressed down and worn casually. i consistently wear a size 8/10/m and have this piece in xs. the reviews do not lie - size down!	1
"I really love the colors of this dress - very unique and classy combo. little bit of a retro look to it. even though there is no zipper it's somehow fitted and flattering. i plan to wear it to a wedding this summer in the mountains where it gets chilly in the evening so i'm thrilled to find a summer dress with sleeves. it will work well for plenty of other occasions too. only problem is the buttons on the sleeves are nearly impossible to button. just too tight. for reference i'm 5'9"", 140 lbs an"	1
"This top works very well with a white or green cardigan for work. the color is more green than in the photo and it is wider on the bottom. it hides a non-flat stomach very well without looking matronly. i ordered a small petite, but i am heavy on top so i did not find the armhole problem that the other reviewer had. my only con is that i don't love the high-low thing that every retailer top seems to have these days, but i can live with it."	1
"I did not intend on buying this dress, as i had taken two others that i had seen on-line into the dressing room. i actually saw the black version of this dress first, and was a bit disappointed that it wasn't available in my size. so, i thought i would try this on just for size. i was totally shocked as to how cute it looked on! i had taken both the xs and the s into the dressing room. the xs was very tight fitting in the arms and chest. i am very small busted, and normally wear a xs in tops and"	1
"Comfortable, great fit and beautiful colors. the interesting thing is that in this picture, it shows the dress just below the knee. i am 5'5"" so totally average height, but the dress falls just above my ankles., which i personally think is way more attractive. not sure if there are two versions of this dress, but be careful if you buy online. i got mine in the glendale store."	1
I purchased this top over the weekend and absolutely love it. i am currently 9 months pregnant (due in a week) and this top is perfect bc it has plenty of length. it is super soft and comfortable for the texas heat. i am 5'6'' usually 115 lbs currently closer to 140 lbs.	1
"Very cute summer dress. it runs a bit large and it doesn't give you shape. but, it's good for me to hide my belly fat. the dress is so comfortable to wear. i didn't know that it has pockets, so that was a pleasant surprise (i always love pockets). overall, it's a perfect summer dress."	1
"I ordered these in the neutral and the fabric and construction are everything i hoped they would be. they are a lovely light weight rayon that i think will be very comfortable in hot weather. the printed fabric is really pretty.  sadly, they seem to run on the large size. i wear size 14 pants, but the xl was too baggy in the legs and a little too large in the waist. i am sending them back and getting the smaller size."	1
"Been on the hunt for jammie's so gave these a shot. ordered my normal size large. fit well in the waist but i don't like the super wide legs. and they're too long. pretty color and pattern, however, the fabric isn't as soft or cozy as i hoped. i'm retired and wanted pajamas to lounge in all day. these missed the mark for me."	1
"Very comfy with cotton and lots of stretch. can be dressed up or down. i wear it with blue denim jacket and also with cream cardi. 5'4"" 135# and the small is perfect."	1
"So this dress is absolutely gorgeous! my problem is i am 5'10"" and it is very short wasted. between the shoulders and waist and even the arm holes it just plain doesn't work. i think if you are taller this dress just won't work. i have purchased other items from this name brand and have had the same problem."	1
"This shirt works for both going out and going to work, and i can wear it with everything. fits perfect, tucked and untucked, tied and untied. i love it."	1
"This sweater caught my eye months ago, and i recently picked it up on sale at a great price. it reminds me of something betty draper would wear on mad men; it has a fabulous 1960s feel to it. and, everyone loves pockets! i love the combination of peachy pink and cream, and the sweater it quite warm. the fit is good, although on me, the buttons gap slightly (this is easily remedied by wearing a shirt underneath, as shown on the model). i'm already dreaming up lots of fun outfit combinations!"	1
"The weight of this denim is perfect, thin enough for a nice drape and wearability for all seasons but still thick enough to be structured. though there is absolutely no stretch, which is probably why so many are finding it to run small. i am a true size 6, but find that most retailer brands run quite large, therefore i usually wear a 4 and that's what i purchased in this dress. the bodice is a bit snug, but not enough to size up, for me personally. i know it's mostly a spring/summer dress,"	1
Beautiful nightie- looks like its really well made and fits really well. i'm normally a size 6-8 and the m was perfect. definitely recommend.	1
"Warm and cozy tights for my daughter, she loves them!"	1
"I'm very happy with the interesting print and unusual bib design of this comfortable dress. the bib embroidery is off in some areas. i find that the swath of beige to be too much since it almost matches my skin tone. to break it up, i took the unnecessary waist tie and used it as a bodice trim, creatively knotting, tucking and securing with mini safety pins. i purchased the m petite and though it has a zipper back, i did not have to unzip to put this on or take it off. i have a heavily padded up"	1
"Bought this for my daughter who is graduating this year. looks much better in person then it does in the photo. she is 5'7"" and 135lb. we bought the size four. great length on her. green adds a nice pop of color. she loves it."	1
"This t-shirt is great! it fits really well and is very flattering. the colors are nice, including the t-shirt color itself. the fit is perfect, including the sleeves. and it's very comfortable. my only concern is how well it will do after you wash it a few times."	1
"I ordered the dusty pink color and love it. works well with many colors and tops. i am 5' 6"" and 121 lbs. with an athletic lean body. i do have a butt however and a small waist. i vary between a 26 and 27. ordered both because i could see this was a very slim pant. i could barely get the 26 up over my hips. the 27 fits like a glove, with just the right amount of stretch. i can't see these pants bagging after wear, which is something we all hate. love these pants and i know i will wear them often"	1
Loved this sweater when i saw it online. when it arrived it had a very strong chemical smell to it and was very stiff textured. despite the dry clean only tag i decided to soak it overnight in woolite to soften it and get rid of the smell. the next day i rinsed it in cold water and block dried it outside. it still wreaked of chemicals and took three more subsequent washings to finally get rid of the smell. hand washing did not hurt it whatsoever fyi. it looks fab with jeans and is very comfy. i	1
"The great thing about a swing dress is that it doesn't cling to the curves. this one is the same way. i got the geometric print. the colors are fun. i would have gone down to the small just to loose some of the material on this dress if it had not fit across so tight across the back. if you have no bust, i would say size down two sizes or try a petite. the dress has a breathable fabric so great for summer wear. the only cons are the large armpits and extra fabric but sizing down should help."	1
"This is a great addition! it's comfortable, pretty, and can be dressed up and down. most importantly it's slenderizing and a great length for me! i bought it in my regular size, but bought the petite size, noting the model is 5'10"" and where the dress stopped on her. i'm 5'6"". the dress fits perfectly and is a great length for me! it also comes with a lovely, blue slip! such great quality for the price!"	1
"This dress looks way better than pictured online. it is lyocel i think so it has a little bit of weight (not heavy and bulky like denim but not as thin as some chambray items i've purchased before) and lays great! i purchased a size small, i am 5'8'' 128lbs and thought it was true to size, i can't wait to wear this! warm weather, sandals and a tote for running errands!"	1
"I tried this one twice, in the same day, the first time, i didn't like it, the stylist in the dressing room at the time dind't etiher, but then my favorite stylist finally showed up (:-) ) and i tried it on again, but at the time, had changed pants... made all the difference. you really need hte right pants for htis, but it is gorgeous.  i bought hte black color online, i liked it better, the white has stell colored polka dots, so if you want more of a spring color, also good for you.  style: ca"	1
"I tried this on today and i wish i had taken it home. for me it was true to size, and the star print was perfect. flowy but not in maternity way at all. i'm gonna have to go back for this one!"	1
"This top is great - lightweight and flattering. i can wear it to work with skinny white pants or to the grocery store with jeans.  i purchased another color because i love the first i got so much."	1
"This sweater is super cute and perfect for a fall day. however, i am 5&amp;#39;9&amp;quot; and ordered a small which was way too long in the arms (the sleeves came down to my fingers). wish there was an xs i could order because i do love it."	1
I ordered this in xsp navy with the merlot/burgundy flower and it fits above the knees as pictured. the tunic is medium weigh and has a-line shape with a loose waist and i find it very comfortable. the sleeve are straight cut (not tight) and 3/4 quarter in length. i will wear it with leggings and boots/booties this coming fall.. i find this tunic is well-made and disagreed with one review that it is cheaply made. (wrong color?) fyi: 102 lbs. 32c	1
"I love this pant. it is so soft and has some stretch in it. the first pair i tried in a size 10 and the sales associate suggested trying a size 12 as ithis pant should not fit tight as it is a trouser. tie 12 is perfect. it reminds me of a ""retro"" pant,which i love."	1
Loved this dress! material is soft... the overall fit is great! the challenge with this dress is the side slits... they do go pretty high... too high for church but may wear them with leggings as it gets cooler... super cute with or without belt 5'9 135 lbs and i ordered a small.	1
"I bought this in the white and it is super cute. more fitted at top, slightly belled at bottom and thankfully not see through"	1
"These jeans! i am obsessed. the perfect boyfriend fit with an easy, relaxed feel. i feel instantly cooler when i slip into these. do yourself a favor and buy them!!"	1
"The fabric is so soft and completely lined; the straps are adjustable. this is the best summer dress ever!!! so comfortable and easy to just throw on. goes with a multitude of colors for your sandals and bags. i love this dress! i'm 5' 7"", 137 lbs., and ordered a size medium, with plenty of room around the bust; no worry about arm holes being too big because you adjust the straps to suit your body. i love the below the knee length. i like comfy but you could easily size down. nice embroidery"	1
"I ordered this in two sizes and have only received one so far, but i think i really like it. that said, the one i got weirdly has pockets not shown in the images, which makes it seems more professorial than i'd prefer, partly because i am a professor and don't want to dress like one if i can help it. that said, i really need a floppy, easy cardigan, and this might well be it."	1
I ordered the orange plaid version in size 16. it fit me like it does the model. it's true to size. the peplum is very comfortable. the plaid isn't see-through so no extra layer of a tank is needed. the neckline isn't too low. very well-made and a great choice for summer!	1
"Really loved this - so soft and snuggly. was unsure about ordering shirt size - (s) or jacket size for layering (m). ordered a small. fits perfect! definitely wouldn't have wanted the medium. 5'4, 135 lbs for reference. love this one!!! great find."	1
This is a great dress - it definitely runs true to size and is on the border of running a little small. if you're on the fence about which size to order go with the larger size. the fabric moves nicely but wrinkles easily when packed. love the color. got a ton of compliments :)	1
"I ordered two colors of these in 25p.  i am keeping them because they feel wonderful on, but they definitely have to be hemmed! i measured the inseam on both pairs to be closer to 29 inches.  29 inches is not a petite length."	1
"I was hesitant to purchase this because of the price, but the design really spoke to me. i've been waiting for an off the shoulder piece that i love, and this was it. great, light fabric and beautiful design. i love it. worth every penny. can be worn on or off the shoulder like pictured."	1
"When i tried them on, i didn't want to take them off! they are so soft, so stylish, they drape your body just the right way, they are stretchy, so even though i am wearing 30 in jeans, i took s regular! run hone and tried it on with moss cowled side-zip tunic, 2 different booties and aquaflora reversible vest, all variations and combos looked really cool and great! i even tried with high heeled booties and dressier sweater top (warm-up pullover in charcoal), looked like high couture! the color i"	1
"This is the perfect simple tank for summer. not clingy, and hangs really nicely, but not so billowy that you can't layer a nice wrap or cardigan over it. fabric feels like a great quality. i got it in white, and it's a bit sheer, but i typically layer my tanks anyway. tempted to get this in every color!"	1
-this was actually at my local retailer store. it reminded me of another online exclusive that was a dress and had the same flower shapes but the color was a soft pink; this is exactly like that. _____________ pros: - it is so lovely with the pleated front	1
"Cute dress. i say true to size - but keep in mind it is loose and flowy and i purchased in my usual size medium and it fits perfectly. it's lined so there is no need for a slip. very comfortable and cool. i am 5'6"" and it is 3"" above knee. i paired it with the gemline lariat turquoise necklace and have already received several compliments and my day is only 1/2 over! a great priced dress which holds true to retailer's quality and uniqueness of items offered."	1
"I love this vest! it is a great color and the inside is very soft! i will definitely be able to dress it up or down. if you are in between sizes i would definitely size up if you plan on wearing this with a little heavier turtleneck/blouse underneath. it's amazing! i feel so confident in it!"	1
This tshirt hits at a great length not too long. so it doesn't make me feel top heavy! but it flows enough to hide any imperfections !   i ordered a medium.	1
The material on this dress is gorgeous. so soft! the fit is flattering and casual and looks great with booties or high boots!	1
"Tried this little gem on in the store but they were out of my size. the ladies were so helpful, ordered it, shipped to me directly and i received it amazingly fast - not an easy task when you live off grid in north idaho! i wore it last night to a st patrick's day party in california and received a ton of compliments. paired it with black leggings and strap or black heels.  i'm still smiling today, can't wait to wear it again. the fit is flattering and the quality superb. thanks retailer"	1
I love the design of this shirt - very flattering fit. very soft and great as a layering piece.	1
"Purchased this t-shirt in white. it's lightweight and slightly sheer. perfect for layering. looks cute with a poncho, blazer or on it's own. really wish it was available in black."	1
This sweater is very cute! it looks great with a blouse underneath and open the zipper or it is great with a camisole. you will need something underneath especially if the temperatures are low as it is a wee bit shear. i am a small/medium ordinarily but it depends upon the designer. this runs a little large but keep that in mind if you plan on layering. the price is right and the zipper is aesthetically pleasing. i have the blue and oatmeal/beige color both are great pieces to any wardrobe.	1
"My favorite features of this sweater are the flattering neckline and the bracelet length sleeves. it's a heavy-weight cotton with a beautiful line. my only complaint is that it seems to pick up lint and things very easily and needed a lint roller even straight out of the delivery box. still, a small issue for an easy to wear sweater that looks great with jeans and boots as well as leggings. a new favorite!"	1
"I love this top, i dress it up when i need to be more professional and i dress it down with a pair of cutoffs when it's warm. it is delicate, however, so i try not to wash it too frequently. the front is a bit boxy, which the model demonstrates. the model really encompasses the crisp whiteness of the shirt, the flow of it and the length."	1
"You know how you hope that a dress that you order online is as good as you think it will be? well, this one is better then i had hoped! it fits beautifully. it is crafted beautifully. there is nothing i don't like about it. i was pleasantly surprised at how light the fabric is. i thought it might be a heavier denim, but it is perfect. not so light that you can see through it, but cool and breezy even in the florida heat. do yourself a favor and grab this one before it's gone!"	1
"This is a gorgeous dress. the print is beautiful and unique, however because it is baggy the dress does run big on smaller frames. i would definitely recommend sizing down."	1
"Love everything about this dress -- i ordered the 'red' which is more of a 'red orange' / with cream and beige - as pictured, colors are beautiful. the dress has a nice 'drape' / great feel, love it !"	1
"I love the pilcro stet pants & want them in every color, every season! please retailer, never stop making these pants. i also love the ""new addition to the family"": the pilcro capri pants & would love every color of these too!"	1
I tried this one on in the store and my typical xs fit perfect. it's not too boxy in the waist like every other sweater this season. also the mock neck is not to wide and is flattering. it sheds which i do not like but not as bad as some. the material is thin but warm i would layer it.	1
"While this shirt does run a little large, i am 5' 0"" and ordered a petite small, it is perfect for layering under a loose cardigan. can be dressed up or down- looking forward to wearing it this summer!"	1
"I have been eyeing these jeans for a while but was hesitant because of the price and also because i'm short waisted so don't normally like high rise pants. i finally pulled the plug when i had a 15% off code (still expensive imo). i am so glad i finally bought them - they are well worth the price! i am 5'6"" with longer legs and i agree with the other reviewers that these run a little longer than one might anticipate. they hit about 2 inches above my ankle bone, which suits me just fine. they are"	1
"This is my favorite shirt to wear around the house. it's so soft and the waffle texture looks nice, i'd definitely wear it for a run to the store or an evening walk around the neighborhood. the fabric is thin but isn't too delicate and it's not sheer, which makes it a great summer lounge shirt. the cut is flattering and the back doesn't show my bra, which too many of this design do. it is a bit large, you may want to size down if you want it to be a bit more body conscious."	1
I saw this online and just had to have it! it fits and looks exactly as pictured. excellent for spring or fall.	1
"I'm very glad i snatched this up when i did. it is super soft and the perfect length. i love the slight peplum as it makes for a very flattering fit. i can tell this shirt will be a staple year round as it works great with shorts or jeans. for me, i think the large was a tiny bit big in the waist, but it might shrink in the wash. the armholes were nice too, and didn't gap."	1
"This jacket is perfect and drapes very well. i had my eye on it online and the second i put it on, it was a ""yes"". if you are between sizes, as one reviewer mentioned, size down. it's tts but has a little extra room for me on the 2, so i sized down to 0. 5'4"" 115lbs."	1
"These jeans are very unique thanks to the embroiding. would have perferred colorful embroiding though. they are boyfriend cut, but not slouchy. just a bit loose even around athletic legs. they run true to size, but have a lot of give. after wearing them for a a little bit i catch myself pulling them up a bit. if you want a snug fit and are between sized i would go down a size."	1
"These are long, easily wear with skinny jeans, they do not cling and are not see through! the colors are great!"	1
"I purchased this tee in the blue and it is so very cute. its such a soft thin tee and a delight to wear on these hot summer days. i went with xs on this one and i still have plenty of room.. i have paired it with jean shorts, capris and it goes really well with the pilcro hypen chino shorts."	1
"I love the overall look and comfort of this piece. my only negative is that since it is not lined, the folds in the material on the inside are somewhat noticeable, especially in the shoulder areas. i guess since it is a light color it is more obvious to me, but it is not something that would make me return it. it is comfortable and looks great on."	1
"This blouse does run large especially in the length of the sleeves (but the rest of the shirt fit well) pretty pretty blouse. hides bulges, runs a little long. super soft material. a must have for fall!!!"	1
I love this shirt so i bought both colors. i wish they had more colors! fits great and very comfy.	1
This is so soft and really cute. would be a good bathing suit cover- must wear a cami under it.	1
"Super cute! very light and flowy. i ordered the black. packs well wasn't wrinkly when i took it out of the suitcase. i ordered the black. so happy with my purchase."	1
"This tunic is just adorable. material is very soft and slightly stretchy and drapes so nicely with just the right amount of fullness without spilling into maternity territory. i got it in the pink color which is really a very beautiful rose color, perfect for spring. the tie back detail is so cute and adds a feminine touch. fit is tts. i'm 5' 103 lbs 32b and i got it in an xxs regular which fits me perfectly. i was afraid it would be too long on me since there was no option for petite sizes in"	1
"This is a beautiful skirt and such a great piece to collect from erin fetherston.  the design and cut are very flattering on a variety of body types. i have more of a curvy shape and love this type of cut to accentuate my smaller waste (rather than fitted dresses/skirts that hug).  there are several linings that help give shape and volume. the stripes are made of ribbon. it's so gorgeous, i've received many compliments. i've paired with a sequin tank and glitter keds by kate spade...it's a dynam"	1
"I bought this dress in black with the polka dot pattern, and the style is adorable. i love the empire waist and the fit is very flattering. the v does come down a bit low, but a cami can be work underneath for more coverage. my main complaint is the fabric. it is very thin and wrinkles extremely easily. luckily the dark color hides this, but it's a bit disappointing how easily it wrinkles.  great style with leggings or tights - really an all-season dress, though. ran very large for me - i purcha"	1
"Perfect dress for hot, humid, sticky weather."	1
"But i stil ldecided to pass. i would need the petite as it seemd long. also, there are other items i loved more, but if you need a cozy sweater that is different, this might be the one for you. the contrasting detaisl on the sleeves/collar are very nice."	1
"I love this shirt. i'm 5' 4"", 110lbs, just had 3rd baby so not into tight fighting clothes at the moment. love the loose yet flattering fit of this shirt. the sleeves are not too tight on me and i love the length."	1
"This was the first suit i've ever ordered online and the first one piece i've tried since i was a very young girl, so i was a little skeptical going into this. i'm 5'9"", ~145 lbs, 34b, with a pear shape and short torso. i was pleasantly surprised by the overall fit--the length was right, the bottoms fit really well (i was nervous about the boy short/hip hugger design), and the suit was just very comfortable and cute. however, something about the cups just didn't work with my chest; my breasts di"	1
"I absolutely love this top. i am short (5'2"") but curvy on the bottom with a 36dd bust. i ordered the xl, only because of my upper body. it fits great, as i don't like anything to hug my body. but it doesn't look like a tent. has a little a-line shape to it. another reason i go for the larger size is i like to dry all my clothes. ordered the grey and will order in the black, also."	1
"Bought this for my daughter in law's birthday. it's just a beautiful, feminine design, well made, nice fabric.. she can wear this for work or for lunch or an evening out. very versatile."	1
"I absolutely love this top, especially for fl weather. it's soft and falls just a tad longer in the back and is a little fitted in the bust area with a very feline look. i had the tank as well and just love the satin trim! i will say it runs a little smaller than the tank bc i have xs in the tank and needed a small in this! love it!"	1
"I saw this top at my local retailer and instantly fell in love. i didn't even try it on first because i just ""knew"". when i finally got home and tried it on, it didn't disappoint. ultra feminine and sexy at the same time. the delicate high neck, coupled with the exposed cut in shoulders really sold this for me. then, you come to appreciate the beautiful sewn in flowers. loved this one....so much prettier in person than online."	1
"This worked for me, very elegant, cozy and comfortable."	1
"First, i've been in love with this dress for months. when it went on sale i absolutely had to have it! i'm 5'4"" and 150 pounds and typically wear large stuff from retailer but after reading other reviews i decided to get the medium. it's more generous than i expected and wonder if i could've even gone with a small. i might try a belt. either way i'm very very happy with the dress. the sleeves are not too long - and i didn't get the petite because i wanted the length in the skirt. the lining makes"	1
This is what a bathing suit should look and feel like. no crawling up the cheeks :) no spillage out the front. i would say it's true to size or a little on the large size. i'm 5'4 122 and ordered a medium which was great for me. maybe a small would have been ok but i couldn't be happier. good job! color is true to the pic. quality seems nice and sturdy.	1
"Love this blouse. i usually wear a small and had to exchange it for an xs, which fits perfectly. not form fitting but flattering; washes beautifully, too. i highly recommend this blouse."	1
I'm normally a 12/14 and ordered my normal size 32 which fit perfect. i purchased both the red and beige. the quality fit and color are great. i'm 5'9 and the regular length was fine.	1
Love this top-that simple	1
"Love this! ordered it on sale, but i really do think it's worth full price! i went with a small even though an extra small would have been good too...i'm slender and 5'9"" about 125# with full bust. the small fits similar to the model, and because i wanted it to fit well in the sleeves (i have long arms!) and length, i went with the small. maybe should have gone smaller as it is roomy! it's very well made and although you'll need a cami, i still feel as if it will be very cozy. perfect for our mi"	1
I am so glad i tried this dress on. it is so chic and beautiful! perfect for an evening out or during the day. i can't believe the price!	1
"I bought this cardigan in grey. it's sturdy, soft, great layering sweater over a top or even under a heavier sweater. the tail in back is long and unique. the shape is flattering. and for a lighter cardigan, it's more substantial than others out there. the sleeves are long enough for my long arms, which i love."	1
"I love the idea, and color, very flattrering and easy to trhrow on, however, i need the petite in this one, and they sold out in the neutral color. it looks too big in eregular sizing, and since it combines xs/s, it is made slightly bigger. material is soft enough."	1
"I noticed this outfit earlier this year and remarked to my husband how heavenly it was. i couldn't bring myself to buy it since i shy away from strapless outfits (this lady is a small chested diva). to my delight- my wonderful husband remembered my gushing, and surprised me with this outfit for christmas! imagine a 33-year-old dancing around the house holding up this outfit - because that is what happened. this outfit it truly a work of art. it has a lined bodice with soft boning that fits perfe"	1
"I bought this is in the gray color, although imo it has more of a greenish hue. i love it. it's a wide boxy fit like others have said, and tends to fall off the shoulder. i purchased it in the small (my typical size) and it definitely seems to run large (it relaxes too as i wear it, giving it an even roomier feel). that said it's very cozy & comfortable. i wear a tank underneath. works well for 50's and 60's weather."	1
"I'm 5'7"", 34c, 28 jeans, size 4 dress. one of these beauties ended up in our store and i had to try it on. the sleeves are no joke - serious bell sleeves that could have looked comical with the polka dots, but is surprisingly chic. the one i purchased was a medium - never had an opportunity to try a small, which i suspect is my actual size. buying it oversized made this magical. it feels modern. i actually think because the whole sweater is oversized on me, it makes the sleeves less cartoonish."	1
"My favorite pants, casual and a bit dressier by changing my top. comfortable, classic, well made"	1
"I'm glad that i went with the other reviewers and sized down on this one. i bought this in a medium (usually wear a 10/12) and it fit perfectly. the colors and pattern are beautiful and will definitely look great with dark jeans/pants/shorts. the lace detail is just gorgeous! the bottom flows more loosely, but just enough to cover any midsection flaws and pairs nicely with dark skinny jeans."	1
"This dress is beautiful--lovely colors and design--but it's huuuge. i'm usually a s/m in tops and dresses, but i got an xs after trying it on in the store. i'm busty and have hips and still have a bit of room. the length is good--a little above the knee but still work appropriate. with my curves it's not my most flattering dress since it pretty much falls straight down, but i think it's too pretty not to keep."	1
These are the best leggings! they were so comfortable that i wore them all day and then to bed; i didn't want to take them off. i'm hoping to get a few more pairs.	1
"Great quality and cut! they are so versatile, which i love! highly recommend these!"	1
I bought this dress as a pool/beach coverup but it is so cute i think i will also wear it other times as well. it is very comfortable and lightweight. perfect for the hot weather.	1
"I love pilcros! i have a few pairs and all in 28s, so that's what i ordered, however they are so tight i could even button them! i haven't gained any weight and all my old pairs fit fine... i liked the color and length so much i'm exchanging them for 29s. hopefully that will do the trick!"	1
"A lovely skirt and i'm so glad i found it before the medium sold out! having said that, i expected the medium to run small and that i'd have to squeeze into it but having tried it on this evening it's not the case at all. i nice fit. i might even have fitted into a small, which i think is the only size remaining. the skirt is very spain inspired. very flamenco! i love it! i will say that you'd need a bit of height to wear this skirt due to the length at the back. i'm 5'6"" which is tall enough fo"	1
I ordered a size large and it's so big i couldn't tell how it would look in a smaller size. the waist cinched but there's too much fabric in the hips to be slimming. the floral pattern is beautiful with light blue and lavender flowers that are generic enough to match with a variety of colors on top. it's too long for my frame. the slip falls above knee so it's sheer from there down. i decided not to try a smaller size but recommend going down one or even two sizes.	1
"I ordered a pair online, they came today and i am in love! the fit is great, i love the high rise waist. i will have to hem the bottom, i am a tad short (5'3"") and it is rare that i don't have to hem my jeans. they make my legs look longer and are a very flattering fit. i am very pleased with my purchase."	1
It's a great light jacket for early spring. ideal topper for jeans or denim skirt.	1
"Truly. adorable. as other reviewers have mentioned, much better in person than as pictured. the ivory has black, khaki and light pink polka dots. it is great with a pencil skirt or pants."	1
"These are nice, comfortable summer pants that travel well. the material has a nice feel to it,lightweight, but not too thin. they are easy to wear with any summer top, and look just dressy enough. i like the elastic waist, but the pants will stretch out a bit, and run a little large."	1
"This seems like a great top! i have only worn it once, but it is super soft and comfy, yet stylish. sleeves are fun. color is vibrant as shown."	1
"I originally bought the white lace version of this dress, but it felt too ""bridey?"" then i snagged all three of the velvet blazers and spotted this black version. i like that it is not all lace, with the pleated chiffon ""center."" the under slip is straight and fits with the outer layer sheer enough to give the appearance of there being a shape under the flow. it is so versatile as i can do it with the velvet blazers and booties or classic lbd with black pumps. well worth the price as this will f"	1
"I love love love this swimsuit! yes it's a bit pricey for a bathing suit, but i love the design and colors and the back detailing is sexy yet not all that revealing. i can't wait to wear it in hawaii next month! the only part to be careful about is not to stretch it too much when putting it on and taking it off, i can see the diamond cutouts stretching or even ripping if pulled too hard by accident. overall a great swimsuit for the summer!"	1
"I originally bought these jeans in my true size. after wearing them a few times i realized they stretched out quickly making it hard to wear them again. retailer recommended i go down a size and now they are my favorite jean!  they are a little tight for the first 5 mins, and then they are perfect fit wear after wear. and so soft!"	1
"The fabric is beautiful.  didn't wrinkle so much after 8 hours in a suitcase.  as opposed to the other reviewer mine arrived neatly, stripes match nicely.  i am kind of thick waisted and the size 6 was still perfect for me - i am currently 130 lbs, 34-28-35.  love the colors and the fabric, a nice cotton twill, lined, pockets, pretty bow belt.  i am not a fan of the size zipper style but it is not a deal breaker.  glad i have them !!"	1
"I am between a xs and s but figured i would order down based on the reviews. well, it's still huge. i have about 5 inches that i can take in from the side. i have ordered the xxs and am hoping it will look more flattering. i love the colors and design, but as it is it does not do anything for me. for reference i am 124 lbs, 32d, 5'5""."	1
"This is one of my favorite tops! it is comfortable and an easy ""throw and go"" top. i am a big fan of denim tops and the lace on the back gives it that extra detail and flare. very pleased :)"	1
"This top is gorgeous in person! i got the small because at 5'5"", 127 pounds and a 30f chest, you never know how a top will fit. however, this one is big. i definitely needed the xs which is now sold out. i'll be taking in the sides because the arm holes show too much bra and there's a ton of extra fabric that makes it way too blouse. love this shirt though and am not willing to part with it!"	1
I found this dress to be shapeless on (even when the belt was tied). i love the tshirt material and the fact it has short sleeves. it's just too boxy.	1
"This pants are very comfortable, and add a little flare to my typical ""mom pajama"" look. i found them true to size; size small fit my 5'7, 135lbs frame. comfortable to sleep and lounge in!"	1
"As soon as i saw this online i knew i'd love it, and when it arrived in my store i scooped it up right away!!! the poncho is exactly as it appears online. the color is different variations of gray. the fabric is soft and not itchy at all. it's longer in back, has arm holes on either side and lays beautifully. it's long enough to wear with leggings, but looks clean enough to pair with jeans and a top. this is light enough for cool summer nights, but will be my fall go to once the cold weather com"	1
"These jeans are amazing! i just got them from retailer the other day and i have worn them almost every day since! i have washed them once. the tag says to turn inside out, wash in cold, and hang dry. i was a little skeptical that they'd still be soft without the dryer/dryer sheets, but they are wonderful and do not stretch out. i will get lots of use out of them and i just wish they made them in more colors. they're very comfortable: i totally love the high rise. they're a little long but i"	1
"This a lovely piece. you have to see it close up to appreciate the subtle details. i typically wear xxsp or xsp, so i did not expect this to fit, but decided to try it because i liked the style. as a petite, many poncho styles overwhelm me and look like tents. not this one. the xxs fit nicely - just the right length and width. i am 5'1"" and 108 lbs. i think one of the reasons this has not been popular is because it only shows up when searching on ponchos, and not when you search for sweaters. it"	1
Crazy soft and comfy.  light weight so will be great for spring/ summer and layering.  so happy i bought it.	1
"Softest denim -- they feel like they've been through the wash a hundred times already! i'm pleased that the belt is removable as it adds just a bit too much bulk for me. i'm 5'4"" and bought the petite for a perfect fit. these will become a go-to pair!"	1
"Love this top, wore it for the first time today and it looks so good. soooo flattering from the front. the back is plain, but ive got some back fat, so i wear a jacket."	1
Fits perfect!	1
"When i first saw this top online, i thought it is very common beach like cover up, give or take. the main point of attraction for me was the cobalt blue silk trim. very vibrant looking color and very attractive. cough my eye for sure. however, when it arrived i was really surprised, how the top turned out to be. 1. much larger than expected, very roomy. 2. cobalt blue turned out to be not so bright, in fact, not even that interesting as it stands out in the photo. not too bad, but unexpected, i"	1
"The size s arm holes are a little too over-sized and i find i keep adjusting the shoulders so the sides of my bra won't show (and sizing down to an xs made the body too tight). it's a bit pricey for a basic, thin tank, but it's a good every day, wear all the time staple."	1
"Agree with other reviewers that the sweater might swallow you up unless you are tall. it's soft (not itchy), well made, comfy and stylish. i want it to get cold out so i can wear it!"	1
"When i opened the package i knew i was in love. the colors are vibrant-true to the photo. the fabric is delicious, soft and silky, the perfect weight for a warm summer day. these can be dressed up or down. i am 5'9"" 140lbs. i bought the medium and they fit with plenty of room.  i would highly reccomend these shorts-just gorgeous! come on summer!"	1
This is a very well made top. i love everything about this top! bought it in both colors. i think it's fancy enough to wear out at night or in the daytime with shorts and flip flops. i got it on sale but would have totally paid regular price for it!	1
"The moment i saw this, i knew i had to try it on. it's a definite power dress - made me feel like marvel's agent carter! i could take over the world in this dress. planning to wear it to work, more casually, and as my holiday party dress. it's easy to dress up or down and is incredibly comfortable."	1
"I ordered this top from store. i'm 5'3"" and 114 lbs, i ordered size 4, fir very nice, just front is little to low for me, but i wear ten top , it will be fine. the style and material are amazing, love it!"	1
Just received this dress in the mail. it's stunning!! the lace is just beautiful. i ordered two sizes and had to size down a bit - the fit is generous. can't wait to wear this to my rehearsal dinner next week.	1
"These shipped fast!!! the fit is good. these shorts have some stretch to them, which is nice. there is a green/blue color in the fine detail making them versatile with a few different colors of tops. true to size. the length is perfect for my taste. i am 5'7""."	1
"I initially bought this dress to wear to an interview that required something casual, yet could be dressed up with interesting jewelry. although i ended up wearing another black dress, i kept this.  paired with interesting black booties and a great necklace, this dress is easy to wear  - and stylish. most importantly, comfortable. i could see myself wearing this on days that i feel inspired to dress up, but want to wear something that is not fussy. and, the pockets!"	1
"I absolutely love the way this skirt looks and fits. i have a smaller waist and larger hips so it is hard to find a pencil skirt that fits, but this skirt fits great! the material has some stretch to it but is still thick and looks really nice. the colors are beautiful, i bought it in the ""red"" which is really just multi-colored. i want it in the green now, too!"	1
I bought this top in taupe and love the style. it's not too boxy or long. cotton is always a plus and i just wish there were more colors.	1
"Great top for all seasons. hides imperfections, flatters hourglass shapes. and great thickness/weight to fabric. i'm wearing it to a concert with skinny moto jeans and booties! side zip is excellent feature and great quality."	1
I agree that the color in the picture online is lighter but i bought it from the store and really like that it isn't just another off-white sweater. it fits true to size and i love the quality. it is really beautiful!	1
"This is the perfect top. it is adorable, and the fit and cut of it is forgiving."	1
I have the moss colored pilcro skirt that is out right now in an 8 and love everything about it. ordered this in an 8 and it is tight! sending it back. it is very pretty though. just don't love enough to exchange for correct size.	1
"I absolutely love this jacket! it's one of the best things i've bought this season. the interior is so unbelievably soft. i just want to wrap myself in it with nothing but a tank top on underneath so i can really feel the texture against my skin. the fit is beautiful, as is the pattern. it's even better in person than in the photo. it is pricey, but for the longevity and pleasure that i can imagine myself getting out of it, it's well worth it."	1
"This dress is so pretty and the fabric is tightly woven so that it won't stretch as much as other sweater dresses. i am disappointed in the sleeves though. the cut is way below the armpit so that when you raise your arms, it pulls tight and is uncomfortable. for the price, and the amount of time i wanted to wear it, it's not worth keeping. another thing is that the fabric is tightly woven so if you are cold natured and ok with the sleeve issue, this is the dress for you. however, if you are hot"	1
"I originally ordered this top in the black and it's been on back order for a month. i decided to go ahead and try the wine and i am so glad that i did!  the fit is flattering with a longer peplum to accommodate my long torso, the fabric is a nice mid weight with a very subtle brocade  pattern. the back of the neck has a classic zipper detail. the bell sleeves are not too long and the color is gorgeous for fall/winter. i highly recommend this top for all body types."	1
"I'm a size xl, so my review might not apply to all people. i purchase my retailer tops in size xl and sometimes they fit great and sometimes they don't. when i put this top on it looked like i was wearing an open cardigan; nowhere near buttoning. i have some sewing experience, so i removed all 4 box pleats which gave me an additional 8 inches of fabric. after doing this i was able to easily button up the blouse and have it lay nicely. but i literally needed that extra 8 inches of fabric in the mid"	1
Perfect slimming fit. wore it to work and then on to a holiday party. received multiple compliments throughout the day and evening!	1
"These are pretty good high-rise jeans--probably the best you'll find for the price. they're all one color, no whisking or fading, so they look dressier than your average jeans, and the cut through the leg is bone straight, which i think flatters most body shapes. i agree with the other reviewers--they are tight. i got these in a 25, my usual size, and they squeeze my belly. i probably could've sized up, but i'm waiting to see if they stretch out the way most levi's do."	1
I wore this when i was in my third trimester and it worked out great.	1
"I am 5ft 8in and about 140lbs-athletic busty build. i normally wear a size 4-6. i ordered this dress in white in a size 6 and couldn't be more pleased! i actually hopped online today to try to order another in the lilac but they are unfortunately sold out. this dress is exactly as pictured-the upper back is fitted, keeping it from going out too much and looking like a straight up tent. i adore it and hope that they will re-stock it!"	1
"I purchased the dress on a promotion.  the dress i received had the sleeves end about the elbow.  i added a 4"" black cotton lace to the sleeves.  i love the result.  it makes the design richer and brings out the lace running down the front of the dress.  the sleeves are a much better length for me now.  dress runs tts.  i purchased a medium, am 5'7"", 150 lbs, really am large boned, straight up and down."	1
"Cute top, wish they had xxs. looks great with jeans and a fun necklace like pix. i got an xs (5'4 and 135 lbs) and it's still a little wider than i would prefer, but i'm not a skinny jeans gal so might look better with those. i decided to keep it since no xxs. wore all day with jeans for a more casual event, then added a skirt and high heels later for a theater show. super comfortable and looks great for all occasions."	1
"This tank top runs big. i?m usually a xs and i ordered the xs and pxs due to reviews and the pxs is still big. i kept the pxs because it?s very cute and i love the color (ordered the canton). i?ve been taping the tank to my bra so it does not slip too far down. however, not sure if i will order this again."	1
"This dress is absolutely stunning!!! i'm 5 feet & curvy. it's flowy, lightweight & has some sparkle mixed in with the gorgeous print. it fit everywhere except when i got the zipper up to my chest. i'm a 36dd & it wasn't going to finish zipping. i was very sad! i even tried the biggest size they had - a 12 & it didn't work. if that zipper had been able to go all the way up & would own this dress."	1
"This cardigan is beautiful with its cropped fit, flutter sleeves and vineyard detailing. i can see wearing this a lot this fall and winter. my only complaint is that the sweater was pilling/shedding quite a bit the first time that i wore it. i hope that that doesn't happen every time that i wear it. i also have yet to wash it to see how the fabric looks after washing."	1
"These are really nice jeans (i am a jean fanatic). some ""patches"" are faded others are dark with still others with stitching across them. very distinctive and nice. they are truly a boyfriend fit...so, if you them big, they are. ag makes very nice jeans both in fit and quality. i buy other brands, but not often..."	1
"If you're looking for pretty and flowy, this is it! i frequently wear xs in retailer sizing, but in this top i went with a s. 5'4"", 123lbs, 34a. love the top but debating on keeping it because i'm not sure the yellow color looks great on my slightly olive skin....great with legging capris for summer"	1
"I bought the ""light grey"" color. the dress in the photo does not look a thing like the dress in person, it does not look grey at all but more of a light teal/light blue.  it is absolutely gorgeous and has a slight swing shape. i took my normal size xs.  the end of the sleeves (where the buttons are) are very tight but still fit, you just have to be careful taking off or else undo the buttons.  also online inventory says no one has this in store, but i did end up finding it (rockefeller)."	1
"I love this shirt. it's different than other summer tops. it's pretty much as pictured in terms of color and size, and runs true to size. on a windy day the front will come open, but only to your stomach."	1
"I have loved this dress from the first time i saw it. but the price scared me away until a sale came to be that meant i could justify buying it. honestly it's worth it's original price, i'm just too much of a scrooge to pay it! the details are adorable. the length makes it very versatile. it seems well made and pretty weighty. fits nicely due to the elastic in the back; i got an 8.. i weigh 170, 5'8"" with a small chest. most of the dresses i buy are just as much art as they are fashion and this"	1
Has it been 5 years already. i too bought this 5 years ago. it peels and doesn't close but the horses make up for that. very very warm.	1
"This sweater looks exactly as represented in the picture. the detail on the cuffs, neckline and hemline make it unique and set it apart from the typical patterned sweater. i've worn it twice already and i'm very pleased."	1
"I love this dress. the fabric is butter soft, the strapless top stays in place and it hangs beautifully. it is such a wonderfully comfortable summer dress. as previously stated, i'm in love."	1
"I love boiled wool paired with classic silhouettes and this bonette combines best of both. the fabric is soft, not too substantial but still warm for my climate, goes great with many outfit combinations, has a flexible cut for my body type. i chose to to buy the size small and while it's a little tight in the upper sleeves (because my upper arms are chubby) i can work with it when i wear the right top. the medium was a just a bit too boxy for the profile i wanted but i may get it any way in the"	1
"This dress fits and flatters a curvy silhouette. size medium length is perfect for my 5'7"" frame. utterly comfortable and so many compliments!"	1
"This duster is light weight - good for a inside a chilly restaurant, but not really warm enough for cold outdoor winter weather.  really punches up a black on black outfit. polished, artsy, interesting look. runs large. has a feel similar to a swing coat - with less swing.  i've received many compliments on this piece. wear it with confidence - it is on the bold side."	1
The embroidery around the chest/collar is lovely.  but the lower half of the shirt didn't fit my post-pregnancy bod.  it's going back.	1
"This is wearable avant-garde fashion! yes, the swing is oversized...it's supposed to be. that's the design! fits perfect at arms and across the chest. i'm 5'3, 127 and orders a 2p. it's perfection! just understand what you're buying. high fashion. high quality."	1
"Subtly chic raincoat, with a lovely drape (except see below) and wonderful details like the large diagonal-opening pockets, snaps, and decorative cord. the striped lining throughout is a cozy but light jersey layer. the coat would be ample cover for temps in the high fifties or low sixties.  problems: the double zipper was hard to use, but in my experience with other jackets, you get the hang of a wonky zipper eventually.  there seemed to be a problem with a seam by the left pocket so that m"	1
"The shirt can be a little boxy, so make sure to order your size! the peplum is a great length in the back."	1
"Comfortable, stretchy fabric; both colors are beautiful"	1
"First of all, i'm not a ""navy"" person at all. i much prefer black or other bright colors. i received an e'mail showing this trench last saturday and i pulled it up online and noticed how darling it looked. i didn't order it, but i went back the following day to check it out again. it was nowhere on the website. then a few days ago, back it popped up online again. i noticed it wasn't in my local store so i thought i'd go in and look this weekend. i just had to see it. i actually made it to the st"	1
This is a great cold weather alternative to a coat especially in warmer climates. it is lightweight but dense. love the color.	1
The dress looks better than the pictures online. it also arrives quite quickly after i placed my order. i am about 126 lbs and 4p fits me perfectly. the embroidery is so radiant in multiple colors against the navy blue dress. i am very please with this purchase.	1
"These are great pants. i was nervous because when i saw them at the store they looked pretty linty but after wearing them a number of times they are not bad. i have to run a lint roller over them occasionally but not more than other black pants. i wear these to work and they are very comfortable. kind of stretchy, but very flattering. the higher rise than the other stevies makes them work really well for work-allows them to look less ""jean"" like. i highly recommend these-can't believe they aren'"	1
This is really cute - with a statement necklace or without. jeans or shorts. love it.	1
This top runs a little bit larger and if you have bat wings you might want to stay true to size. i haven't washed or dry cleaned yet although most retailer shirts i have come to find new to be dry cleaned. otherwise fit is great so is the overall aesthetic.	1
"Measurements: 30aa / 24"" waist 5'4""  i historically wear 00p in jcrew and most retailer brands. i purchased a 0p and it fit well with a little room. i really hated that the waistline is almost a drop-waist. the ivory brocade panel comes low on the navel, so it makes you look shorter than you really are.  the most impressive part of this dress is the neckline/shoulder. i have pretty narrow shoulders, so it's a quasi-boatneck and it's quite lovely."	1
I ordered this cutie before i read any reviews and i am so glad i did. mine does not have any weird smell at all. i ordered a medium and i wear a size 8. it fits perfectly and is long enough to wear with leggings ...with coverage. the detailing on the yoke is so pretty. i bought it with a discount promotion so it made the price better. i am really glad to add it to my wardrobe!!	1
This too is great to throw on when running to class or going out. love the two different materials and the back detail.	1
"Just bought this in the store a couple days ago and wore it for the first time today. love the embroidery detail and i feel that the colors are more vibrant in person. i typically wear a 2 in most retailer tops but i got a 0 in this and it is great - seems to be a generous fit. the slits on the sides do come up a bit high, but i wore a cami underneath since it is sheer and the slits were not an issue with it. looks great with jeans. it is a great transitional piece for the fall as i'm sure i will"	1
"I was very excited when this top arrived in the mail! it is so, so beautiful. i love the material and the brightness of the colors. it will be a perfect top this holiday season."	1
"Ig and the first reviewer convinced me to buy this top. it was styled so beautifully with jeans and shorts on two different retailer associates, i wanted to see if i could pull it off too. unfortunately my body type and shortness makes the it look like i'm wearing short peasant skirt as a top.  really disappointed since the top is soft, beautiful, vibrant silk! maybe i will keep since i'm losing weight and will try it on again. generally i wear size m/l and i'm 5'3"" 135# 38-28-35. purchased this c"	1
"I saw the orange/tangerine colored version of this sweater and loved it. it looked beautiful on top. the chiffon material at the bottom of the sweater is a lovely detail. sadly, the bottom portion of the sweater made my hips look huge and i felt i looked pregnant. i weigh 111lbs. i am petite and small boned. i think it was because i am short waisted that this style did not suit me. i wish i could look good in this! it is absolutely exquisite in color and texture."	1
"Love this button down, but i couldn't make it work. i'm 5'4"", 32b, and usually buy tops in a regular xs or s. i bought this top in a small and it was loose fitting which i liked, but too long for me causing the pleats to flare out more than i liked. the shirt is also pretty sheer, wear a skin colored bra unless you want it noticed. the material was soft and looked like good quality."	1
"I tried this on from the sale section, and they only had a 2 (i usually do 0), and surprisingly, that size was the right fit. it is fitted, with just enough room to eat :-)  te blue is a light blue, almost neutral, with the white embroidery, i think it looked stylish, and decided to keep it. the peplum part hit just in the right spot, i am short (petite) but my torso is normal size..."	1
"This cardigan is very cute and versatile. the knit is medium weight and will work well for moderate weather. i would say that the sizing is pretty true to size, but maybe runs just a bit large. thus, if you are in between sizes, order the smaller size."	1
"This dress is as cute as i hoped it would be. i love the pockets and length and flattering cut. it looks great with boots and is perfect for fall. only con is that it is dry clean only. it seems like the fabric would do just fine with hand washing, and i will probably go for it. i just don't have the patience or organization for dry cleaning."	1
"This dress is one of my recent faves from retailer. the fit is great. i'm 5'8"" and 145. i ordered the small and it's perfect."	1
"The fabric is really soft and the cardi has a cute and comfy slouchy, loose fit. reminds me of free people cardis with the extra long sleeves and loose fit. great to throw on over workout clothes or with jeans and a tee shirt. easy piece. would size down. i'm getting lots of use out of it."	1
"Love these pants. corduroy leggings that fit like a skinny pant. comfortable. not too stretchy. maintains shape, even with multiple wears between cleaning. pairs nicely with black, neutral, or buttery yellow tops. fun print. received compliments first time i wore them. sizing is just right also. i'm 5'3. usually wear 26 in denim but have to go up a size for super skinny so i ordered a 27p which fits me just fine."	1
"Love, love, love! this is true retailer! the color is lovely and it's so soft! i love the seams in the back and the overall ""raw seam"" style."	1
"This coat is wonderful. it's boxy and drapes really nicely. the colors are beautiful and versitile. i love the pockets. the fabric is sturdy, but not heavy. i have nothing but good things to say about this coat. i had to return it, sadly, since it wasn't flattering on my hourglass shape. (i am 5'6"", 34dd-27-42 and the small fit well) if you're confident enough to hide your waste, go for it. your won't regret it."	1
"I bought this during a 20% off sale which made it even more worth the price. i would have purchased and kept it regardless, but just got lucky.  looking at the pictures online, i thought the coat was going to be red. however; when it showed up it is more purple. i still like the color and did end up keeping the coat.  i do think the buttons are sewn on well, but i was surprised it did not come with additional buttons in case one gets lost. these are very unique buttons so i can't imagine it woul"	1
Great top!! can be dressed up or down. the lace is great quality and i love the border detailing. i found this shirt to run pretty true to size.	1
"I had my eye on this piece since it came out, but thought it was a little pricier than i like spending... but it finally went on sale. alas, all the petite sizes are gone, but i decided to order the regular xs anyway. (the length quote is long, but i figured maybe with heels?). then the xxs became available and i snatched that too...so glad. the xxs fits better and isn't as long (i have to wear heels, don't get me wrong, but the xs was still long with heels). it is soft and lovely, the xxs linin"	1
"I liked this dress, but had some issues. i am 5' 3"" and a 34 d. with small shoulders. the dress was way too big in the shoulders in the 6 i usually wear, so just hung on me funny. otherwise i really liked it. if it weren't for the way it fit me on top (not an unusual problem if you are large busted but have small shoulders) meant i had to return it."	1
Nice color and cut but runs very big so size down. will need to send back due to on line only. i am hoping one size smaller does the trick.	1
"I live in blue jeans - and i'm extremely particular about style, fit, and fabric. an eternal fan of ag, i tried these on the recommendation of a sales association. in the past week - i've dressed them up, dressed them down, and wished i could wear them to work! the wash is an especially versatile shade of indigo. incredibly flattering fit. if you're going to splurge on one essential this season...these paige jeans are definitely a candidate."	1
"I loved this top when i tried it on in the store. i was very close to buying, but i knew my sister would want, so i moved on. it is a great fitting top. i am 5'7, 125lbs, and the small fit perfectly. i do question how well this top will fit petite people."	1
"This is a well-made kimono style jacket, in a great color choice that is versatile and well constructed. being short and with narrow shoulders, most kimono-style jackets don't work on me; they are simply too big & too long. this jacket's shorter length and more streamlined styling make it perfect for me. a keeper, and a real steal on sale."	1
This is the first maxi i purchased this summer. i went with a petite as the regular length would need to be altered and i didn't want to lose some of the pattern on the bottom. it is a beautiful flowy dress. no need for a slip. it has beads on the bodice. i kept the dress but it is tight at the chest area and sizing up wouldn't have made that much of a difference..kinda uncomfortable in the chest area. has yet to be worn so may return..	1
"This is a very comfortable and sexy sleep dress, the way it drapes. i can see that the type of fabric is not suitable for out and about activities and can catch on snags, etc. very easily. once i relegated it to the nightgown category it became my favorite item to wear and lounge in."	1
"I generally wear a size 6, and am 5 ft 3 in in height. the size 6 fell below the knees and did not look right. the fit of the 6 petite is beautiful and flattering. the dress is indeed lovely, and i really want to love this dress as much as others do... however, i am conflicted. i am modest in my style, and even though nothing is revealed, the strategic placement of lace panels makes it a bit suggestive, and takes it out of my comfort zone."	1
I love these pants and wear them all the time. i wish they hadn't been discontinued	1
Wish they had more colors avail in my size when i bought this one. you can easily dress it up or down.	1
"This dress does run large, but i'm wearing it loose and flowy. bought it for desert trip music festival, with booties and a hat or headband, very hippie chic. my husband thinks it's adorable! the prints are darling."	1
"I first saw these in store, but decided to risk waiting for them to go on sale and no regrets! they are a great high quality and the print is exactly what i hoped it to be!"	1
"This is a pretty red dress. the back is beautiful. i ordered it online and was excited when it arrived. however, as soon as i took it out of the package, i saw that it had a snag on the front bodice. i also did not realize the dress material was not as heavy as i was hoping for it to be. given those two details, i decided to return it. maybe if it had arrived in perfect condition, i would have kept it. *sigh*"	1
This is the best ever t-shirt i've ever worn. feels so soft! looks gorgeous! very comfortable and yet has that bit of sparkle that makes it perfect for a special evening with friends etc! just love the fit- it makes me look slimmer:)	1
There's a free people version of this top and this by far surpasses the fit of it. i'm 5'3 and purchased the xl and it fits me exactly like the model. i would say it is tts and extremely soft.	1
"Unlike other reviewers, i found these pants to run true to size (in my case, my usual 6) or even a tad roomy. the red pattern is just festive enough for informal holiday parties. i appreciate the belt loops!"	1
"This caught my eye in the store last week, and i decided to try it on. it's the perfect lightweight jacket. the photos here show it as activewear, but i think the details on it allow it to be much more versatile. it's very flattering and i found it to run true to size."	1
I love these pants. i have them in the black and green. they are comfortable and look great on my curvy figure. i am 5'2 120lbs and got the size 27	1
Love love love the cut of this tank top. it's is super thin and see thru however. wish it was made a bit thicker. i got it in white and you can see right thru it. however the cut is so fabulous i can over look that.	1
"Comfortable, relaxed fit. i am very top heavy and the generous cut of this dress worked well!"	1
"I love jeans!!! especially this pair. perfect fit, hugs in all the right places. perfect length! worn it 3x already! and it gets better every time you wear it. goes great with a cute too!"	1
"There'd a reason this dress is all over instagram and like. it's stunning and beautiful, perfect for a wedding or event. the beading is beautiful and the tiers on the dress are more flattering than you'd expect , especially since it does have a bit of pouff to it. love it, 5 stats! i sized up so that it would be longer"	1
"I am usually a medium/large and was pleased to fit in the small/medium that i ordered after reading some of the reviews. lovely piece, great to wear over a short sleeve t-shirt, 3/4 of a sleeve shirt or even a long sleeve shirt when weather permits here in florida. very happy i ordered this!!"	1
"I had purchased the black color of this sweater at full price and loved it so much that when i saw the burgundy color go on sale i knew i had to have it! this sweater is very comfortable and elevates any look with its lace down the sleeve, mock neck collar, and slightly flared silhouette. it's so fun to find different shirts to wear underneath to get a whole new look. highly recommend, would have gotten all colors!"	1
"This top is gorgeous.  i normally wear s to m depending on brand and style.  ordered a s and it was so small i returned and have l on order.  it is cropped.  i am 5'3"" and it hit me as pictured on model.  if you are tall or like longer tops this may not be for you"	1
Love this sweater so much that i'm going to order another when it goes on sale! the material is not thick but it's a nice thin weight that i still feel cozy in. i love that it's not long in the back too. so cute and soft.	1
"This is absolutely gorgeous cardigan! the pictures don't do it justice! it's comfortable and soft and very trendy at the same time! i bought it in teal and in medium, i am 5'3"" and usually wear 10-12! even though i think it runs tts, but for more fitted look, medium fits better ! i am blond and this color looks great! i also loved it when unzipped the upper part, it looked even better! it is perfect with leggings in grey, blue, green and black, also beautiful with aqua flora leggings and with re"	1
"Cute tee shirt but it runs very large.i ordered a small and probably an xxs would have fit.unfortunately i have to return it.for reference i am 5'3"" and 110 lbs."	1
"Love this shirt! it runs a bit big, i ordered the (petite) 4 and its a bit long in the sleeves if i don't roll them up, and a bit long and big in the back. but i love the look and it is classic. great with skinny jeans."	1
"This is my first ever jumpsuit purchase, and i love it! the retailer by me luckily had an xs in stock for me to try, and it fit perfectly (i'm 5'7"", 120lbs, slim). looking at the pictures i was a little concerned the jumpsuit would be short, but the length actually hits me closer to my ankles (still a couple inches above). the jumpsuit feels nice and light and comfortable and not difficult to get in and out of. the embroidery detail on the shoulders is a nice touch and the print is fun. would defi"	1
"Saw this online, but it said the store was out of stock. imagine my surprise when i went to my local store and found it in both a small and a medium in white.. i tried them both on, but not a lot of difference in the sizing. the small had a smaller head/neck opening causing it to be a bit tough to remove without getting makeup on it, which the small did. the medium fit very very close to the small, but a smidge bigger at the neck. the shoulders of both seemed to fit the same, with maybe a tad mo"	1
"This blouse is exactly what i wanted and the fit is great. silk is always light, and can go with jeans or dress up with a skirt. i'm wearing mine to a baby shower in a few weeks."	1
"This dress has potential, but it didn't work for me. it runs true to size to a little big, i ordered medium, my usual size for maeve). as for length it fit me as the model (5'9""). the reason i'm not keeping it is that i wish it had some darts in the back to help define the waist a bit,"	1
These are more than what i had expected! they're beautiful and fit like a glove. i'm thrilled that i purchased them.	1
"Pilcro runs one size smaller this year - i compared with pants that i ordered last year and sure enough, one inch difference in waist. i did not notice difference in other dimensions of this garment, so my best guess is that pilcro decided to make tighter waist due to some complaints last year about waist being ?too lose?. i personally prefer sporty silhouette and am not thrilled with this change, but pants fit and are nice color and quality, so they stay. however, i am not sure i would order th"	1
This is one of those stunning retailer pieces that keep us coming back for more. it reminds me of the lithe dresses from the earlier retailer days. it fits tts. well made with side zipper that zips both the inner sheath and outer tulle overlay ( as opposed to those obnoxious linings that you wrestle with). the inner sheath has a fabulous lattice work pattern while the overlay has beading and embroidered detail.  sure to sell out.	1
This sweater is absolutely beautiful. the shape is very flattering both tied in front and in back. the wool is nice and soft and the color is a nice neutral that will pair well with anything. the stitching is a nice added detail that makes this sweater somethig special. it is a great addition to any wardrobe and i'm thrilled that it is part of mine. i can't wait to wear it!	1
"Got this on sale, in three colors! love the look of the blouses, great for work. only con is that the sides are shorter than i would like."	1
"Love this skirt, beautiful fabric and lined. looks great with a tailored jean jacket by pilcro or the window pain patterned retailer cartonnier jacket. i chose the size 8 though a little snug in the waist it fit better than the size 10. i am 150 lbs and 5'4 inches and curvy with small waist but curvy hips with a tush so this cut is perfect for my shape. i love the asymmetrical design with how the skirt will partial zip and the fabric attachment underneath with hidden button. love the edgy look. so"	1
"If you're a little afraid to rock a jumpsuit this one's for you. the palazzo leg makes it look a lot like a dress. a light shelf bra was very supportive even for my d/dd cup. it does run large. i'm typically a 14/16 and was easily able to fit in the 12, although the look it a bit racier on me due to cleavage. hides any tummy you might have very well due to the flowing cut. the fabric is light and comfortable. my only complaint is i wish it was a tad longer. i can not wait to rock this at a weddi"	1
"Love this top!! great colors and fits great reasonably priced"	1
I love this brand and the 8 fits perfect. i am typically an 8 in retailer skirts and this is no exception. medium to heavy weight soft denim which is more of a darker denim shade with a wide a-line cut. the pockets are distinct and give the skirt character. it is pretty long and full looking on my 5'4 inch height. i purchased this on sale plus promo and very happy i was able to receive it as it became a sold out style in my size. the hem is a wide stitch hem and gives it a nice look. i look forwar	1
I purchased the yellow and i am quite happy. it matches a lot of things that i already own. nice summer tee.	1
"I love these bottoms they are super cute, comfy and very flatering. finally a bikini botom i feel comfotable in after having my babies. its just high enough to cover my stretch marks on top and the ruffles cover the one down low :) and fits loosly enough to avoid a muffin top. i am normally between a size 8 and ten 145 lbs. and i ordered size large."	1
"Really beautiful skirt. unique print (red) and stylish. keep in mind this is knit, stretchy, form fitting. as mentioned the skirt is very comfortable and a heavier texture fabric. i purchased a large (i am 5'7 and 154lbs) and don't like skirts too tight so i sized up. the large is fine however, i noticed at the bottom of the skirt it doesn't quite fit as slim as i would like. i suspect the m would be better. if you have a stomach it will show! i also noticed that the skirt seemed much longer on"	1
"Really cute top, normally order a s or xs. based on reviews, i ordered a m and good fit."	1
"I tried the red/salmon color on at the store. it's a very bright color, but a nice one. the top is form-fitting, with soft stretchy material. there are two small buttons at each shoulder. the sleeves are a good length. the boatneck shows a little bit of bra strap, but not too noticeable. the only thing i didn't care for was the somewhat synthetic look of the material. if you're between sizes, size up as it's a snug fit."	1
"Best jeans ever. i have 2 pairs now. after getting my first pair last year, i knew i would be needing another. most comfortable, form fitting and flattering jean ever."	1
"This dress is amazing! ordered one with a discount (the dark blue with flowers print) and it was becoming my go-to for work so had to bite the bullet and order two other colors full price. size m fit perfect 5'7"" 150#"	1
"These pilcro's jeans are so good!!! love the fit, the color, and the feel. i am a curvy girl and these are great, they hit me just right. now pilcro jeans used to strech out really bad but they seemed to have fixed the problem.i wore these jeans at work for 10 hours and they did stretch some but not a dress size, so i would buy the size you feel the most comfortable. i think these are a no brainer!"	1
"I was in search of a few sweaters that were functional for the winter, but also fit my style. i will have to wear a camisole underneath, but i love the feel and the fit! i always have a problem finding sleeves that are long enough. the sleeves are an appropriate length."	1
"The pattern, while beautiful, is on a much more yellow-ivory background than pictured. the skirt is very voluminous and the elastic waist seemed very loose, like it would not support the skirt. while i did like it, i didn't love it, so it had to go back."	1
"I have been eyeing this dress for months and finally, a sale. the pattern is beautiful and is a great quality. the fit: it is a swing dress, so if you are a bigger girl, this may not be flattering; try a belt though. the high neck could be a bother for some-it does fit close to the neck, but not tight. also, size down...two sizes. i do usually a medium and i went with a petite small. finally, this dress can be worn in summer and winter. i do a belt and a blazer for office and a light sweater for"	1
"This dress is lovely. the colors seem a bit more muted than as reflected on model; otherwise, looks very similar to photo. it has a slimline style and is very flattering. the dress has a more casual appearance than as is reflected in the photo. its really more of a day dress than a special occasion dress, notwithstanding another reviewer's opinion to the contrary.  i ordered up a size due to reading other reviews. i found it to be a bit larger than i wanted so i washed and tumble dried it on low"	1
I love this top. i had no issues with fabric. it is soft and light. the wrist details are very pretty. i love the buttons. it fits true to size and it is a good layering top. i got the red which is true to the picture. not looking red but a bright coral color.	1
"This dress is just lovely. beautiful drape, comfortable material. it is a print that looks like embroidery. i am usually an xs or s, and i'm glad i got the xs as i can tell the s would have been too large. the back waistband is elastic and it is easy to move in. beautiful neutral colors. i think it can be dressed up or down easily with the right shoes and jewelry. only negative comments- there is only a half slip and i wish it was lined more, although that will make it easier to wear during the"	1
"I ordered this in the burgundy and am in love with the print and color, very feminine without being over the top. i'm 5'4"", 123lbs, 34a and the 2 fit perfect. the cut is drapey without being maternity like and i appreciate that's it not as long and full as many of the other tops out there, making it easier to wear with some pants or skirts. it even has little snaps to hold your bra strap in place, although i doubt i would use those. this top is appropriate for any age without looking too girly"	1
"Color was a perfect match for the linen slacks i wanted to pair it with, however the top was way, say too big so i'll be sending it back."	1
"This is the first time that i have tried mother jeans, and i am a fan. these jeans fit tts, and the high waist is flattering and stays put. i personally am a big fan of the distressing - it's just enough, but not too much - and it's lined on the inside so it won't get worse. i know some people won't like that, but i did. also, they hit right below my ankle (i'm 5'5"") instead of being a few inches too long -- a major bonus. thus, they look great rolled or not. but perhaps most importantly, these"	1
"My review is of the ""black motif"" (no longer listed online, but i saw a bunch in the clearance sock bin at the georgetown dc store, today, 12/27/2015).  i love beautiful and unique socks! so i thought i'd give these a chance. i like them so much that i bought 3 more pairs of the exact same sock now that they're on sale!  two things i noticed... the way the sock is knit, when you put it on, it no longer has a matte black look in the black areas. it is sort of a stretched, slightly two-tone look."	1
"The color of this dress is just so beautiful - somehow both rich and airy! i believe this is meant to be a more relaxed fit, but that isn't quite my style. so to achieve more of a silhouette, i was lucky enough to stumble upon an xxs-p (petite) in store. i normally would never even try something on in this size, but it looked pretty generous so i decided to give it a try. so glad that i did! it gave more figure and i liked the length a bit shorter. with this dress, i think you can achieve the lo"	1
"It's too hot here in ca to wear this yet but i can't wait for cooler weather. i tried it on with skinny jeans and it's darling. love how it's much shorter in front with the side splits and long back to cover the bum. perfect for leggings. nice slim, but not tight fit."	1
"The ""movement"" in these culottes when i walk makes me feel like i should have some, ""yeah, i can wear these attitude!"" not only is the quality exceptional but the fabric is ""thick"" enough to hide flaws. i am 5' 120 lbs and i ordered the 4petite. i am usually a 6petite. the size 4p fits perfectly. i ordered the apricot color. great neutral. i'm so happy i was able to get a pair -there's a reason most sizes are sold out! i have short legs, and my legs are medium in size. i worried about the thigh"	1
I love the teal/aqua version. the colors are very pretty and look great with jeans. i got a medium. it runs a tiny bit small but a lot of fitted tops at retailer run smaller on me. i like the style a lot and the peplum is great.	1
"I thought this dress was beautiful and the quality is amazing. i thought it was going to be black and gold, but it has a lot of brown in it as well. i ordered a petite. i'm 5'61/2"" and the petite was just above my knees whereas the regular came below my knees. this is a dress i can wear to many events."	1
"Love this dress! the colors are a smidgen darker than the photo shows, which i like even better. super comfortable, nice flow, great fit. definitely will be a favorite of mine for this summers"	1
"I got this top in the pink. the colors and pattern are beautiful - i received so many compliments. it is very comfortable - it is ""swingy"" so i paired it with skinny jeans.  i usually wear an xs or s - 0 or 2 in retailer tops - i got this in an xs and it fit perfectly."	1
"I bought this dress for a dinner after my daughter's wedding rehearsal. it is perfect. it is dressy enough for the occasion. it also has a casual look to it. i think it is very versatile. i fell in love with the colors, material and the quality. i am more excited about this dress then the dress i am wearing to the wedding. buy it you'll love it."	1
"This tunic was a surprise - the navy color and the knit material and the colorful designs on the front just accentuates the tunic. however, i agree with the previous reviewer about the high slits and it's pretty wide, better if it was a 1/4 or 1/2 inch less. fits tight on the arms and shoulders but a bit loose below the bodice.  i cut the tags to wear it and found out that part of the embroidery on one of the designs had unraveled! sadly returning."	1
"This is the perfect dress! for it being a long maxi, it's surprisingly lightweight. the built in slip it covers everywhere you need it to without detracting from the overall look of the dress. i absolutely love it and wish it came in other colors/patterns."	1
"The only thing i didn't like about this is i wish it was a little bit shorter, but otherwise great! throw it on with pants and add a bit of color and spring/summer'ness to your outfit!"	1
"I am currently loving anything that crosses or ties around the stomach area to hide what's left from my most recent pregnancy. this tunic fits the bill. the material has the perfect amount of stretch and the length was just right. i am very petite and bought my usual size xs. i would have liked to try this tunic in a petite size, but then it  may have been too short. i plan on wearing this to work with leggings and for running errands once the weather warms up."	1
Bought these and they fit really well and are super comfy. love the color. will probably live in them this summer!	1
"Let me just say that this material is awesome!!! when i first took it out of the packaging i was afraid that the top was too thick of a material but after wearing it around the house it seems light enough. (i live in a warm area). i will say that i find the top to be a bit larger. i ordered a medium in fear that the small would be too small on the bottom. i could have taken the small in the top---even though it is meant to be baggy    the bottoms on the medium fit me great- they shorts don't b"	1
"Buy this dress! you won't be disappointed. it's lovely and can be worn in the summer and easily transition to fall or even winter with opaque tights, tall boots, and a denim jacket. the neckline is unique and stunning - demure yet sexy - something that can easily be worn during the 9-5 work day or into the evening. i bought my regular size m and it hits just about my knees. i don't think this dress runs small at all."	1
"These pants are wonderful. they are very flattering, the color is gorgeous, and they are incredibly comfortable. got tons of complements!"	1
"Because of how much i have been buying recently, i didn't *want* to like this dress. i just tried it on because it's such a classic dress. i'll probably wear it all year-round, dress it up or down, and it'll probably last for ages. so i tried it and it's cute. and flattering. and practical. and the scallop neckline in the back is just enough of a tease to be fun without being too obvious. (it does get a bit cold though so adding a scarf is recommended, though maybe not the davy crockett one the"	1
"True to form, this retailer sweater hits the mark! it's light weight, stylish, great for a shorter person like myself, and has cute detailing. the sleeves are little long, but i push them up anyway and the cream color i bought goes with everything. the xs size is more comfortable and flattering than the s if you are short. i would have bought the bluish gray color of this sweater, too, but already own a similarly shaded and textured sweater from retailer from last year...love that one,"	1
I like this top very much. i love the color and the embroidery makes it very dressy. it fits right for me however the picture doesn't show it well but there's a bit too much fabric on the sides.	1
"The colors on this are beautiful! i have wider hips and thighs and this blouse just looks too boxy on me. i ordered a size down and from that aspect it fit. however, it is too flowy and boxy for my body type. i considered keeping it for layering but even on sale, it is too expensive for this purpose. i'm so bummed because the colors are so pretty!"	1
"I'm a sucker for beaded detailing, so i couldn't resist this blouse. it's so beautiful and fun! i can't wait to wear it!"	1
"Great quality, beautiful print, definitely a steal given its current sale price. it does run large. order a size smaller. works perfect with a belt!"	1
This is a super comfortable and flattering dress and i get compliments every time i wear it! highly recommend!	1
"Not your classic sweatshirt. can be worn with black, grey, mauve"	1
"I got the green motif color which is really multi color: blue, orange, purple, yellow, green and brown. the fabric is gauzy and sheer, nice and breezy for summer. there is a subtle stitching detail at the shoulders. i ordered my usual size, medium, and it fits well in the shoulders and arm holes, but it is extremely billowy in the body. i had to take it in a couple inches on each side to make it a little less full. it's still has some swing, but not quite as much as before."	1
"Tried this in store today and id say it is exactly as pictured (length is similar on me at 5'7"", colors as shown, cut is loose but not overly sacklike). my normal size s fit loosely, but not in an unflattering way. sizing down might have been too narrow in the shoulders. the embroidery seemed to be good quality, but the fabric itself was on the thinner side with no lining. i would have liked to see a liner at this price (and probably would have bought), but i think i'll wait for a promo or sale"	1
"I was so excited when these pants went on sale! tried them on in-store and ordered online. tried both medium and small and they both work, thanks to the elastic waistline. they do run very long, so if you're super tall these are great, otherwise prepare to wear very tall heels or get them hemmed."	1
"I love this dress so much...what an excellent purchase! i wear this with white leggins and love the look. this dress has a sheath underneath the flower pattern that is form fitting, which i think is way sexy from the back. the front part of the dress is very flowy and moves nicely. i love the high neck on this piece and the beautiful colors. a wonderful pick up from retailer."	1
"There was. a blue one in my store sale room and i decided to try it on, as i had read great review. bummer is i really do need hte petite in this. cut is flattering, adn material softer that i thought. next year..."	1
I am in love with pilcro pants. i am typically a petite 26 or 27. i'm a 27 in these khakis. which is could have them in every color and style.	1
"I love this for a casual winter day. the fabric is so soft. the draping gives it a unique look. so cozy and nice. it's a bit big, though. opt to size down."	1
"I bought this in a size 0 which is my usual retailer size. the lace is nice quality, not rough or scratchy. i purchased the ivory which does have some blush accents which make it look ""vintagey"". it will be perfect for the holidays or all fall/winter. i like that the peplum doesn't seem to flair out much. very pretty!"	1
"Love this timeless piece, but it was a bit looser fitting than i expected. i consistently wear xs, so i had an idea of how i thought it would fit. i still kept it though, because you can dress it up or down and it will never go out of style!"	1
I love this top! super soft fabric and beautiful with jeans. getting ready to retire and will make this a regular in my new wardrobe! thanks retailer for putting it on sale!	1
"This suit is the most flattering suit i have owned in a while, as well as the most comfortable! though the suit is not lined, the light wetsuit material holds me in and is supportive, despite the open back and the slight looseness of it. if you do any water sports, i think this is a perfect suit. i did purchase some silicone covers for myself, however, to avoid looking like a farrah fawcett throwback."	1
"I purchased these for something other than sweats to wear for a girls get away weekend. they were so comfortable and flattering, friends told me i could wear them out for dinner.  the fabric is beautiful, and i loved the way they draped. the angled cut on the legs is very cute, and something a bit different. these could be perfect for a hot summer evening dinner, because the fabric is very light and breezy. dress it up with a tank top and ballet flats and you're good to go."	1
"I bought this online days before my trip to seattle. i read the reviews so was aware it runs large...and it does. i practically lived in it the whole time i was there. it's very comfortable and once it cools down here in so cal i'll be back in it. some reviewers mentioned it bunched up when tied but didn't like the ties hanging loose. i just looped each one and it works great.  it really runs large. i bought their smallest size and had ample room."	1
"This fabric and quality of the skirt are superb- there is a pretty metallic thread detail in the fabric that isn't easy to see online. however, the skirt is quite puffy, which i suppose could be good for someone with a boyish figure looking to add curves. but for many of us the extra puff might not be welcome. one would want to wear it with a tight fitting top and emphasize a small waist in order to counterbalance the volume of the skirt. could be a nice buy for the right person, just be aware o"	1
"Love this top! i was worried it would plunge too deep, especially because i'm quite flat chested - but it is perfect. i think it would look gorgeous on a volumptuous woman too. that's the beauty of it. and the color is my absolute favorite right now ... :)"	1
This top fits so well and looks much better on than in the picture.	1
"Really cute top(especially the back)!  i've tried on several of these tops that overlap in the back and none of them lay as nice as this one.  the soft cotton fabric really works well with this style.  runs tts and i love that the arms are more fitted with some stretch to the fabric.  regular length works fine on my petite frame as well.  the color is a darker cream and almost has a slight nubby effect to it.  first one i received had a snag/hole in the lower sleeve, so hopefully it holds up."	1
Great structure	1
I love it. the fabric is a heavier denim and it has a nice stretch. being tall i appreciate the length. the sizes run a bit large; i'm usually a 10/12 but the 8 is perfect.	1
"This was really big on me. i am usually a 10 and even the 8 wouldn't stay up around the chest. i would need to have straps sewn on to make this work. on the plus side, the material is absolutely gorgeous. rich, saturated color. too bad about the fit. maybe really busty girls will have better luck, but this is going back. too expensive to justify keeping it if i need to spend money having it remade/tailored."	1
Good quality tank. very flowy and longer if you are short.	1
"I actually love the fit of this t. the photo of the model does make it look more of a straight fit - but i love that it has more of a flared shape. the armholes are high enough that it covers that bit of arm chub i hate, it swings out enough that it looks a little dressy and a little more special than your basic t, and it drapes nicely even over my curvy shape."	1
I found this in my local atl store that carries petites before seeing it on-line. the materials is lovely and silky with a full lining. the top lace detailing is a nice touch and will make the dress stand out under jackets or sweaters for cool weather. this is great with any shoe type. very versatile year round piece alone or under layers. should be good for all body types.	1
These are the perfect tights-fit and feel are top quality and they wash well!	1
"I'm 5'4"", 120lbs and the xs fits perfectly. the skirt is flattering and quality is nice. will be good for cooler days in the fall. a bit warm for a hot summer day, but nice for a night time event."	1
Beautiful dress. i just wore this dress for my wedding. it was a beautiful wedding dress and i got many compliments on the uniqueness and the beading detail. there was one really big problem. the beads and the flowers kept falling off. i sat down and stood up leaving a pile of little flowers and beads. i could be standing still and they would periodically drop off. it was kind of embarrassing and everyone remarked that i was my own flower girl. i am still finding pieces of the dress everywhere.	1
"I read the other reviews before i ordered this top and was a little concerned about the fabric, but it's fine. the neutral color is a little bland, but i can wear it with bright pants. since i expected it to run large i ordered a small. the tie in the front makes it fit like a dream, plus it looks amazing from the back."	1
"This is a heavier weight shirt. it is fitted through the bust and shoulders and very loose below so, if you don't like loose fitting clothes, this is not for you. it is well made and looks cute with jeans."	1
"This is a true retailer dress, cute and quirky. kudos for the built-in liner (with scalloped hem, very pretty) and pockets. i like the colorful yet subtle embroidered ice cream sticks on the dress, and the white background makes the colors and details really pop (pun intended!). i echo the previous reviewers that the bust is very small. i usually wear size 4 regular in this brand (i?m 34b, 26 waist, 36 hips. i?m 5?2?, and the bottom hem falls right at the upper knees). but when i tried on size 6,"	1
I love this dress! it's so flattering and the length is perfect for me now that above the knee dresses are no longer flattering.	1
"I really liked this top the minute i saw it online, long enough and elegant at the same time. i'm 6 ft tall and i like to wear my stuff loose & have my back well covered. i usually get m/l depending on the fabric and style, got this top in l. this top however turned out to be larger than expected, there is plenty of room on the sides, and that bottom part is made of a thinner cotton material. the fabric of the top is not as soft as it may look, but the pullover is still very cute, maybe after fe"	1
This skirt is super cute and a great easy skirt to wear with basically anything. but what is truly remarkable is the softness off its fabric. i found it in the store and wasn't sure i needed it but it felt so good i could not put it down!	1
"I got this top in white and really like it. its soft, comfortable fits well but it is a little see through."	1
"Love everything about this. i bought this after reading other reviews. beautiful fabric, i'm 5'10"", 135 and bought the small and fits perfect. it's great with heels or flats... seriously just makes you want to twirl, dance, skip, you name it."	1
Very cozy wrap!  the material is so soft.   find myself grabbing this anytime i am chilly day and night.  i offen find my daughter wrapped up in it too!  and with the arm holes it stays on.  very pleased.	1
"I have never looked good in a legging. stretchy denim ""jeggings"" are usually the most i can get away with. but i am amazed how flattering these are! the fit is great (i got a m cause i'm small, but curvy in my hips/butt), the material is thick enough not to reveal too much, and the faux pocket in the back does a lot to make one feel less exposed. the length seems like it would be a great compromise between short and tall girls too -- i'm pretty short, but they aren't too long on me, there's a ve"	1
This is very unique and stylish! the embroidery is stunning plus it is extremely comfortable. it is pretty warm. it does not itch me at all as others have noted.	1
"I really wanted to love this dress, but even though i got a small, it was still too big. i also don't think the horizontal pattern was a good look for me, other than that, it is beautiful and the fabric felt nice."	1
"Totally agree with the other reviewer!  just got this in the mail today and it is a beautiful dress but it does run one size too small.  i am always a size 8 in maeve but couldn't zip this one up!  and at 5""7' it is a tad short but i'm exchanging it for the 10 in the hope that in the next size it will be a bit longer--and that it will fit!  but it is a super flattering fit!!  and the blue color pops! a stunning dress and love that it's machine washable!"	1
"I tried these on at the store and thought the color, texture and style was very nice, but i needed the petite length. so i came online but was disappointed to see that the style is sold out in petite! darn. the regular length hits me just above the ankle, so i suppose it is still do-able, but i hate to pay full price for something that doesn't fit quite right. maybe if it goes on sale i will consider it."	1
"This is a cute jacket, nice materials, comfortable, and feels very well made. i read some reviews about sizing and went with a small when i am usually an xs or s. the small was too big and boxy feeling, i think i would have liked it better if it felt like a more tailored fit. the design is definitely different and i played around with the collar drape thing but it felt a little awkward to me. overall, i think it's a cute jacket, but i sent it back, not for me."	1
"As you can see from all the reviews, this dress is such a classic piece. my two cents below: ____________ pros: - fits tts. i'm either a 10 or 12 in most clothes and bought the l and it fit really well on my 5'9. 36c bust and hourglass frame. it wasn't boxy at all and still left enough for movement and still held a nice shape to my frame without being clingy. - fabric is soft. it does seem a tad fuzzy, so just be careful what you wear. but the material overall is nice. i'm not sure how thick"	1
The shoulder bearing aspect makes this top sexy yet it doesn't look like you're trying too hard. sleeves can be worn up or down and everything stayed in place either way. i get tons of compliments each time i wear this.	1
"I love this top. in fact, when i saw in the store, i was hoping that it would go on sale. i wore it and received many compliments. the underlay provide adequate coverage so no additional cami is needed. this top does run large. i normally wear a 2 and i ordered this in a 0 and it fits perfectly. i would not order this if you are not willing to spend the money to dry clean it. it is delicate and i would not encourage washing it at home."	1
"I love my new maxi dress! as soon as i put it on, i knew this dress would be my go to dress of the summer. i love the styling with the thicker shoulder straps and higher cleavage. you will definitely be able to wear a regular bra with this dress. the material is soft, light, and flows well. i particularly love the ruffle on the bottom of the dress - it adds that extra little feminine touch. i can't wait to wear it."	1
"I fell in love with this piece when i saw it in store a few months ago. when there was 25% off dresses, i decided to pull the trigger and ordered it online. since i didn't try it on back then, i ordered my usual petite size 10, but found it to be too big. it's too bad i had to return it because it's a beautifully designed dress. i like the neckline, rouching on the side of the bodice, the lining and slim silhouette. the dress is very stretchy. i found that i could take big strides comfortably in"	1
"I purchased this in the cream/beige color and love that it will go with everything. i can add details with long necklace or scarf-even a belt but it also stands alone and looks great with leggings or skinny jeans. i would also wear with a neutral skirt as shown on model. the fabric is not too thin and with a bit of cashmere will also add some warmth. it may shed some depending if you wear a nylon cami underneath. i purchased the xs, my usual size and fits great. 5'8-slender. love my purchase!"	1
"This is a soft, comfortable shirt. it fits like a t-shirt should. i usually buy m but based on other reviews i purchased s. the fit on me in size small is similar to the model in the photo."	1
"The torso runs a bit long, but this is otherwise a comfortable, and cute dress."	1
"I love this top!! the detail on front top of the top is so cute. the length is just right. i hesitated because of the unusual armhole shape but they are really not an issue. also, thanks for finding the top as it wasn't available at distribution center, went of your way!!"	1
"This top comes in 4 lovely colors, too bad only one of htem looks decent on my skin tone (purple), though i might have gotten away with the silvery grey. fit: nice falttering line, flares at the bottom and is loose aroun d the waist, so if you ahve a problem area, nice coverage. feel: super soft - nuff said ;-) versatility: i am not sure it will look great with everything on my body type, but definitly a nice pair of jeans (flare or skinny with boots),a and may try the pencil skirt look like the"	1
Beautiful skirt! dress up or down! colors are lovely and enable one to wear many different tops. lightweight. perfect for casual or summertime work.	1
"I purchased this product online so wasn't able to try it on before purchase. it fits perfect. i am 5'7 and 160 lbs. the only thing i did not like was the fabric, it is very thin. you can see undergarment lines in the back."	1
This sweater is amazing. color is vibrant. quality is high. but i have a super long torso and it fell short on me. if you are shorter this will be amazing. sad to send it back.	1
"This is classic retailer at it's best.  quality   style   a little something extra makes this piece something that will likely live in my fall / winter wardrobe for decades to come.  first the quality is superb, soft gray wool with a delicate floral embroidery motif on the front. military buttons down the front with a fit and flare waist on a 3/4 length coat.  versatile enough to wear as a sweater or light coat for early fall. fit is generous enough to easily fit a bulky sweater underneath and lay"	1
I love this! seriously would buy again. i wish it was warmer out so i could wear it	1
Great bra. fits well. works under tighter t-shirts. just be aware that the straps do clearly read calvin klein. more mauve than pink.	1
"I love a jumpsuit for its ease of dressing. this is the 3rd i've purchased from retailer. material is thin and gauzy as described. with a sweater or jacket it will be plenty warm for so cal winters and great the rest of the year. if you are all tall, the waist might fall a bit short. i am 5'6"" and the waist just barely hits my waistline. doubt i would have purchased this item full price, but on sale it's a great deal."	1
"I ordered the green/teal in size xl. the fit on me doesn't match the model. it looks looser on her. i think it runs small, at least in size xl. it still is a comfortable fit since the material has stretch. the pleat at the top helps the drape of the shirt. it's a beautiful color of green too. i think the v-neck is too low so i wear a tank underneath. this also helps with the transparent panels at the shoulders/back. my other dolan tops have held up well and retained their color through washing s"	1
"I love this top. the seam does go across the bustling but if you are small chested like me...it is perfect. very bohemian and an almost classic look with a very contemporary twist. there are splits up the side that show off a great pair of leggings. i wore this today with some lysee black and grey patterned leggings, a long grey camisole, and some cute short free people booties...i may have gotten 20 compliments. love it."	1
"So glad i gave this a try. looks so much better on than seeing it online!!! i doubt i will ever wear it tied, but it's very cute and comfortable. it will probably be my go-to sweater to throw on over summer clothes when the ac is too cold. it would even be great to throw on over workout clothes!  fits tts."	1
"I love sweater knit dresses and this the first one i've owned with a flare style that works. pattern placement is gorgeously done and is very slimming in a non-obvious way. i think the fabric is soft and warm. i wish the scoop neckline was a tad bit higher from a modesty standpoint. you may want to size down if you're not busty. i am 5'3"" and m petite was the perfect length on me. shout out to the reno distribution center for getting this amazing dress to me in 1.5 days?!?!?!!!"	1
"Beautiful skort! true to size and very comfortable. the actual shorts part of the skort is a nice, modest length. they have the appearance of a skirt with the utility and feel of a nice pair of shorts. i can't wait to wear it again! i am very pleased with my purchase."	1
My expectations were blown away in the best way when i tried on this top.  i typically have issues with button-downs in the chest area (buttons never lay flat) and this top lays perfectly.  the material is super soft.  looks great buttoned all the way up or with a few buttons left open.  i can't wait to wear with a pair of black high-waisted jeans this fall!	1
"Definitely shorter than expected, but a super light, airy, and comfy dress for summer nights. a must for summer dinner parties!!!"	1
"Love the pilcro brand! size down!! super soft, well fitting, great length. great darker color for fall. awesome rise. not too high, not too low. will be grabbing these a ton this fall."	1
"Love the dress - i am having the slit up the front raised. love how it looks in the picture, but the dress is actually slit up just under the knee."	1
"I love that retailerpolgie has petite sizes now. i am 5'4"" and 115lbs. i bought the 0p and it fits perfectly. the dress is very cute and the colors are a way to transition into fall when its still warm out."	1
"This is just a fantastic dress! i bought it in my usual m in the blue and it fits like a glove. i love the varying lengths and the adorable sleeves and the substantial knit which feels amazing on the body without revealing any bumps and lumps :) i took the regular length and found it perfect. the front hits about two inches above my knee and the rest hits a bit lower. i'm only 5""1, but i prefer dresses that hit closer to my knee than mini so the regular was perfect for me definitely a keeper!"	1
"Oh my goodness, i paid full price for this dress because i loved it so much. i styled it with a cream lace poncho , also from retailer, and it is gorgeous. at the sale price, you can't lose."	1
"Such an adorable and comfortable dress! just love the fit, the design and the comfort of the denim fabric. it's quite flattering, fit's true to size and i can't wait to wear it to casual parties all summer long! highly recommend! lots of options too with dressing it up a bit more with fun high healed sandals or a pretty shrug and just as nice to wear with flip flops or keds! i 5'5"" and usually a size 4 and it fit true to size....grab it while you still can!"	1
"I was hesitant to purchase since this price is expensive for a tank, but the quality and true shimmery-ness are worth it. it fits very well and goes with many different sweaters. very happy with my purchase!"	1
"A successful first date sweater. the cut is flowy so don't expect snug. the quality is average for retailer sweaters, i guess nothing will ever be pill-free? the detailing at the bust reveals a little of what lies beneath, which in my case was just a bra but in more conservative environs might have to be a camisole."	1
"They are exactly as picture. i have a lot of extra skin on my midsection, due to pregnancies. they are a little high waist so they grab all the midsection perfectly. the fabric is good quality, the tones are just beautiful... it is a little bit see through on your bum. i always try to hide my bum so no issue for me."	1
I loved this skirt but it was slightly too small. i did not realize it pockets which is always a drawback for me in dresses/skirts. i have an hour glass frame and the extra fabric from pockets is too poofy in my opinion. beautiful color and high quality fabric/	1
"I usually try to avoid paying full price for items but saw this in the store and couldn't pass it up! tried it on in my usual size, 2p, and had to have it. i bought the white/black one, and it looks great with black capris. fabric is lightweight and airy; perfect for hot summer days."	1
"I was nervous to order the pants because i didn't think they looked great on the model in the picture. they are by far, my new favorite pants. the fabric is so soft and stretchy, yet hugs my curves doesn't stretch out during the day. i was expecting the fabric to be thick or stiff, but it is very lightweight, yet professional for work. the cut is perfect--i wanted black culottes but i'm only 5'5"" so a lot of them overwhelm me. these are fitted at the top and gradually looser through the thighs a"	1
Love the feminine styling of a classic tunic tee! i'll wear it with black leggings this fall. super cute to wear casually or dress up a bit with some jewelry and/or a scarf.	1
"This dress is quite the stunner! i love the mix of patterns and the asymmetrical hem. four stars in quality, though, as it could have a bit of pure cotton in the fabric composition, as opposed to rayon + viscose only. still, a versatile dress, for day or night. i love the length of the petite size (please note i'm 5' 4"") the shortest part of the hem hits right at the knees. a keeper."	1
"Based on the reviews of others, i ordered this dress a size larger than i usually wear and it fits perfect. i am an 8, so i got this in a 10. this is the perfect casual dress for pretty much anytime of the year -can be worn with sandals in the spring and summer, or boots in the winter."	1
"I bought this top for my mom for christmas. i wasn't sure if she would like it, but it is really nice in person and she loved it. it fit true to size and can be dressed down, as it is on the model, or dressed up. i am so glad i decided to get this top. highly recommend."	1
"Great jacket! warm as a coat yet thin enough to wear indoors. i dress up with a fitted dress, or dress down with jeans. very versatile and comfortable. i always get compliments on it."	1
I'm a 34c and 136 lbs. i bought this in m in two colors because i love it so much! the fit is so flattering and the material is so soft and comfortable. i continue to get the best quality and fitting dresses from retailer!	1
"I immediatley bought this adorable dress after trying it on at my local retailer and absolutely love it! it fits tts for me in my regular size small (34d-27-35) and it's incredibly soft and comfortable to wear. the top portion is so great as it has nice short sleeves, the color is a nice deep, rich orange which looks great now in the summer but will look especially cute in the fall with tall boots and a light denim jacket plus the bottom half is cut in such an interesting way. the material is amaz"	1
"Love this top! i'm 5'7, 145 pounds, athletic build, and the medium falls slightly loosely and very nicely over my hips. it is quite low cut, so i wear a tank under it in a professional environment, but it's fine to wear sans tank top in a more casual setting. i really love the back, as the straps are sexy and show off my shoulders. the material seems to be good quality, and i would order this in more colors if it were available!"	1
So super soft and comfortable - great to throw on to run errands with ease while still looking stylish - the lace up front makes it more special that just a standard tee shirt dress	1
"Just as the others have reviewed, i agree! this dress is flowy and so feminine. i got it today and i am wearing it now! so light! i usually wear a large or a 12 in dresses. i am pear shaped. 36b bust and large hips. it is flattering and feels great on. the slip underneath fits perfect on me. grab this before it becomes iso!"	1
"This dress is beautiful and delicate, so flattering! runs a little big- slightly looser fit- got the size small, usually a 6-8, and it is perfect. the slip included is very sheer however, so i am using a different black slip for mine."	1
"Warm, cozy, can dress down/up, and is perfect for traveling. a great staple. as other people noted, the dress (if you buy your regular size) is a little more fitted than it looks on the model. size up if you prefer it to hang looser."	1
"I originally bought this dress in another color back when retailer was doing the 25% off dresses promotion a few months ago. i had seen it on a store associate at my local store and absolutely loved it, but hemmed and hawed at the original price. it was a splurge even at 25% off, but as soon as i put it on i was in love. this dress is so soft. i wore it to see some old friends, and after every hug i received a comment about how unbelievably soft it was! the material is thick enough to have a decen"	1
"I really wanted to love this top! it's cute and fitted- fits well, but just hit me a tad higher than i wanted. i tried a size 2 and it fit perfectly--but with no extra room. i'm 5'5""-34c. normally wear a 2."	1
"Nice work top! i ordered the slightly yellow ivory print, which is beautiful, and the print placement perfect. even better, it's work appropriate. the cotton/synthetic blend has stretch without stretching out.  size: i ordered my normal size small for retailer brands like meadow rue. i'm 5'4"", approx 140 lbs, 35-30-37, 34d, narrow shoulders, short arms, long torso.  fit: the sleeves are slightly long, but the buttoned cuffs rest at my wrist. the fabric blend allows this top very good drape. i like"	1
The adjustable tie is really nice and adds a nice style twist to a black suit.	1
A great addition to any wardrobe. can go with nice trousers and dressier shoes for work or jeans and trainers for a casual look. i didn't find it to run small and indeed thought it fit as i'd expect.	1
"I love this shirt! it's gorgeous! got it last night, wore it today, and received compliments all day long.  i don't normally look good in tunic length tops, but somehow there's magic in this one. the seaming on the front totally hides my post-baby pooch. too bad the baby just turned 3 and my pooch isn't going anywhere ...!  adore."	1
"I ordered the 00 p after trying on the regular 0, and that was better. it runs wide, the lining is true to size, but the overlay is loose. the colors are pretty, the design is nice, but i didn't love it as much as other ones.  likes: the studs add an edgier look to a almost dainty look (flow y sheer fabric). the cut is flattering if you get the right size (recommend one size down).  no big dislikes...why i would still recommend.  115 lbs, 30dd chest, 26.5 in waist... 00p"	1
"This dress was adorable. i found it to be a little too short for my taste- i'm 5'9"", and it hit mid thigh. i think you would probably see my rear if there were the slightest breeze, but it would be perfect on some shorter. embroidery was beautiful, and i loved the collar.  also a little sheer, but with nude colored under garments, it would've been fine. definitely try it out!"	1
Beautiful. elegant. sexy. i love the fit. can be dressed up or wear with jeans. it's great!	1
"I love this top!!!! the design, quality, and look are all insanely gorgeous. i got this top during the 20% off tops promo, which helped so much with the cost, and i was trying to use up a store credit i had on something of high quality. (after going through a whirlwind of exchanges that resulted in much disappointment.) i couldn't be more thrilled with this choice! it is so flattering on, beautiful color and cut. the only complaint i have is slightly minor, and it's in relation to the hidden bac"	1
"This runs way big.  i would recommend sizing down at least one size.  possibly 2.  i got the design with divers.  it's fun and light for summer.  soft material and very comfy."	1
"This top is very gorgeous and chic. it is very tight at the bottom, but i feel like it will stretch a little over time, it is also very long which i love, because it can be rouched up to a great length if you are curvy. both colors are great, i bought both and love both. the sizing was correct, if you want it to fit like it does on the model shot. if you want it a little more fitted, size down, but it may be very tight on the bottom. all in all i love them and they are definitely a great find fo"	1
"I love this top it is cute with shorts, capris and jeans. it's really comfortable but looks put together and stylish.  great for running errands to drinks with the girls. a good transition piece into fall with a light cardigan."	1
"Loose fitting and comfortable without losing its shape.  looks great on. the tie in front adds to the dress.   i love to wear with tan knee-high boots."	1
"I love the feel and drape of silk. this dress has lovely drape, and fantastic color. i think if paired with the right sweater and leggings, this will work well into the fall, and also transition into other seasons if you are savvy! the only awkward point about this dress is that you must wear a belt with it if you have an hourglass shape, otherwise it's a beautiful swing fit."	1
"I was skeptical when i saw it online. i was not sure about the white background. but it had good reviews and the cut seemed to be what i looked for so i gave it a try and ordered online. i ordered s and xs. i was really surprised how well this dress fits. i am 5.4 and about 126 lbs, pear shape. the fabric is thicker and lined but not too heavy. the cut is slimming, flattering and structured. i decided to keep the xs size. i hope i can find more dresses like this one in retailer."	1
These have become my go-to shorts as i can dress them up or down	1
"I debated n that as i think it looks loose on the model, but if i was to tighten it, it looks a lot more flattering... i tried on the xs in the store (i usually do that to decide if i need petite), and it looked huge, when we pinched the back to see if xxs would work, it was a lot of fabric, and looser didn't look as good on me... but i like the dress overall, so still recommend. and for those who like the looser look, this is great. i would, however, order eptite for 5'1.5"". (115 lbs, 03 dd che"	1
"I am not a fan of unlined bras, but this one was so pretty i had to try it. the lace doesn't look cheap, but overall i wouldn't have wanted to pay full price. it fits well and the support offers a nice shape (no cone!). i might go back for the other color."	1
"I've had a hard time finding the right jumpsuit and haven't ha a lot of luck with retailer clothing lately, but this is perhaps my favorite retailer purchase of all time. i'm petite and busty (5'2"", 34c/d) and was pleasantly supposed at how well this fits. the pattern is a bit faded (like the best kind of vintage find) so it works for someone short like me. and because the back has a tie closure, it can adjust as needed -- i'll be wearing it with a sports bra that crosses in back with 4 straps, whic"	1
"This dress is beautifully constructed. it is very fitted and does run on the small side. it will be a perfect derby dress. the lace is lovely and the pearl buttons are great touch. age appropriate for anyone..a very  pretty dress. simple, classic and gorgeous!"	1
"Several reviews have stated this dress is embroidered with a popsicles. it is not embroidered, but an attractive popsicle print. i usually wear a 2p and after reading review ordered an 8p. a bit roomy in waist, but with tie at waist it works. length great, but arm holes large. will have altered as this fit/flare shirtwaist dress is so flattering."	1
"I have a hard time finding slacks that are a step up from jeans and that is why these are such a great find. they feel great, fit well, the price was good even before i got them on sale, i love the color and they seem like they will be easy to take care of. wish they came in more colors.."	1
The rocket by citizens of humanity are my favorite jeans. perfect high rise and still makes the butt look good. they are incredibly comfortable. no more hiking up your jeans and bending over. love these so much. am very happy that j brand and citizens are making some good high rises now. won't buy anything else.	1
Super cute dress for fall. detail is much more intricate than what you are able to see online. not too long and will look perfect with tights and boots.	1
Great pants! great fall colors. great for day or night. super fun and funky. love them!	1
"This dress has rich color, excellent quality fabric and wonderful style. you can wear it now for fall with boots and jean jacket or in the summer for a great sun dress."	1
I bought these in the navy stripe and they're soft and comfortable. i'm between a small and a medium and the medium works here -- i could not have worn a small in these. the narrow stripes make the pants flattering and the drape is lovely. i wish they had pockets but i guess i can't have everything!	1
"Lovely body hugging dress. hits just below the knee. great with boots as shown, or with heels. very soft material and the peppery color is really pretty. i can see myself wearing this to work and out at night. this is a winner!"	1
"I am very happy about the jacket. i like the material and the cut. i was able to wear the jacket for a walk on a rather windy day, about 60 f, with a thin sweater underneath, and it felt comfortable.   the fit is very flattering. i would prefer the sleeves to be a little longer (5'7"", 125 lb, got size s). also, i wish the lining was full, not just the front detail - it would allow more versatility. but that's just me...  overall, i like it :))"	1
Just like in picture! super cute and comfortable sweater!	1
"Just got this dress in the orange print and i can't begin to say how much i love it!! looks even better in person than online and it's super flattering. love the neckline, armholes are perfect and show off toned arms and shoulders ( this is the kind of dress that makes time spent at the gym worthwhile!). the fabric is light and stretchy and the pockets are an extra bonus. i would say fit is tts but keep in mind that it's very loose at the bottom so i would go down in size if you want a less loo"	1
"I love a dolman. the tassled dolman is slimming, light and comfortable."	1
This is a 3-season item that can function as a cardigan or a jacket and will look equally good with jeans or with work slacks. the seaming gives it a bit of structure. the asymmetrical zipper gives it a little twist. the texture gives it interest. i bought it in navy and i'm considering the ivory.	1
"I have been searching for months to find a pair of top-quality, slim fit, high-waisted jeans, either straight leg or flare. my search has ended with these flare jeans from paige, thanks to retailer. the fabric is incredibly soft, yet has that little ""snap"" of stretchiness we have all come to expect in expensive jeans. i also like the dark wash and the fact that there aren't those odd color striations across the hips. i bought size 27, which fits me perfectly. (virtually all my other jeans a"	1
"Great jeans!!! i'm over 60 & it's difficult finding jeans. these fit like a glove, with just enough stretch & the twisted hem adds a bit of unexpected style. i liked them so much, i ordered another pair!"	1
Simple blazer with cute details - buttons on the back and lining. this will look good both in the office over over a pair of jeans and booties. i was able to go with the regular size (instead of petite) because i will wear with the sleeve rolled up.	1
"This is a very nice jacket in a pretty textured fabric. it seems to fit tts, and the cut is very flattering. however - the ""white"" is actually ivory. not a big deal, unless you were trying to match an outfit with pure white in it. still on the fence about whether to keep it or not."	1
"I can't often turn down a white blouse, so this caught my eye online and then in person. i love the concept but found the top to be rather large despite it being an xs. i would have to size down to an xxs, which i'm not certain would be long enough on my 5'7"" frame. there was extra space in the armholes and space around the waist, even factoring in its flowy style. it's not worth it to me to order an xxs online since my store doesn't carry it."	1
"Ok, so who likes to buy bathing suits? apparently i do, because this one arrived today in the white and rust, and i'm buying the black one in a second! i can't pass up such a flattering suit. the ruched bottom gives just enough extra so it's not skin tight to your bottom. and the top has just the right amount of cover. the whole suit is easy to wear, nicely made, and flattering through the roof."	1
"Great top for day to night. fine for work (i'd think large breasted girls may find it too gaping for work as mentioned, but b cup and below doesn't gape so very work appropriate.)"	1
"The blue is a beautiful color, rather unique and it is really soft being cashmere. although, for the price i do feel it should of been a bit more ""special"". i also feel it's loose lower half feels a bit maternity. all that being said i do like the overall sweater and am keeping it as the color and feel win."	1
"I ordered the neutral one with the fine stripe. it will layer nicely with neutral colored sweaters and blazers. the fabric is soft. the quality is good. the neck is cool that you can wear it two ways. overall, it is a good top. i think it's a little clingy, which highlights every flaw, in the back especially. i wouldn't size up. i still think it fits tts."	1
"I ordered this top (black) in both small and medium; i can get usually away with small at retailer but am size medium in all other stores. as soon as i received the package and opened it up, i knew i would keep this top. it has a gorgeous texture to it, a slight sheen, and is well made. it's extremely comfortable as a t-shirt would be, but has more structure and looks very chic. the waist nips in just enough to give the flutter hem a little flare at the hips and is very feminine. i have a long tor"	1
"I am in love with this bathing suit. it is super cute and flattering and i love the pattern on this specific style. it is also seems to be very well made. i haven't worn it in the water yet so i can't really speak to that. i would say that i believe it is true to size, which means that it is a little tight since bathing suits need to be tight to stay on in the water! for reference i am a bra size 32dd, around 130 pounds, and 5'5"" and a size 6 fits perfectly."	1
"The fabric is very nice and it is completely lined, except for the sleeves, which are sheer. i expected the dress to be lighter, so wearing this on a hot day won't work. i ordered an xs because of the former reviews it said it ran large and it does. it's roomy, straight, and quite flowy.  i wanted a casual non clinging dress and it's just like the picture. it hits below the knee."	1
"Looking forward to wearing this blouse for the summer. easy to wear--no special bra needed. thin cotton material will be perfect for vacationing in japan. i wear a 4p but because the smocking in the shoulder area leaves the lower part of the shirt a bit blousy, i bought the 2p. i prefer the straight hems instead of the dresses and tunics with the longer back hem, which gives my petite frame the illusion of looking shorter. i liked this blouse so much that i bought it in the green and white strip"	1
"Love this dress! i can't say enough about it. comfortable, stylish, packable! doesn't wrinkle at all. i love it. i bought the neutral and the turquoise. only planned on keeping one but i love it so much i'm keeping both. good dress for fall/winter to wear with flats or tights and boots. can easily be dressed up or worn casual. i am 5'1"" 115 lbs and bought the xs petite. perfect fit. a great price point especially with the 25% off dresses."	1
"Love this top and the fit is very true to size. i am 5'3 and 144 and ordered a medium. the fabric weight is just right and not see through, the top did not gap and the length falls just over tummy without being too tent-like too snug or too long so can be worn inside or out. wish there were more color choices to order from. it was touted as red motif but i would call it more red-orange. i cannot wear orange but it is ""red-enough"" to pull off on my skin tone with the white background. the sleeves"	1
"I love tunics and the colors of this one is what caught my eye. overall, the tunic is nice but i have to agree with another review that the stitching at the top of the slits is not good. i also agree that the slits are to high. they should have made them stop at a lower point. it gives an odd effect. the tunic looks good especially with tights. it is tts and i believe the top probably looks better on someone tall because the length of it is so long compared to other tunics."	1
Size up!!! this dress is great quality and so flattering but tight in the arms and chest. ordered in my usual xs and will regretfully need to return it.	1
"I bought the black motif, the design lends to a nice pop of color.  the venting detail on the back is beautiful, but probably not as obvious on the black.  maeve is one of my favorite retailer designers.  i'm usually between a s/m or 6/8 in blouses.  i followed advice from other reviewers and got the 8- for room in the arms.  the blouse is very billowy- much more than in the photos, but i'm wearing it with skinny jeans and i love it!"	1
"These are the most comfortable, happening pants i have ever owned! they are extremely flattering and slimming at the waist. i am a size 4 and bought the 4, and they fit perfectly. they are a bit long, but after washing and drying on low, mine shrunk enough that i can wear them with flats or flip flops, and not just heels. my 2 teenage daughters have complimented me on them saying how ""modern"" they look. i bought them in navy and just ordered the grey yesterday. i might go into my local store and"	1
"I own quite a few deletta tops, and this one nails it. a great staple in a pretty color (i purchased the green). peplum tops can be hit or miss for me and often come up short or balloon out too much. this one is so flattering. i initially ordered a medium (5'8"", 145) but exchanged for a small when i found the medium to be a little roomy on me. the small is perfect. the top is made of a medium weight material and is slightly fitted, nipping in at the waist. the ""skirt"" piece falls nicely and is l"	1
What a great jacket. love the subtle windowpane design and the color blue is a nice denim hue. i chose my standard size i wear in retailer jackets on this in house brand. i wish though it was made in the usa as i have several other jackets by cartonnier that are made in the usa. thus jacket looks so polished with jeans to a denim skirt to a bottom that is similar in fabric and texture. very happy with my purchase.	1
"The perfect fit and style of any jean ever. i order one size up in petites. i love these jeans and want them in every color/wash. they have wonderful stretch that does not sag. i wear them with cuffs folded up in hot weather but can also wear them down thanks to petite styling. love, love."	1
An easy top that adds instant glamour. the burnout velvet is super fun for the holidays and yet the design is comfortable and easy. i have found this top can work day and night with the right accessories.	1
"I have been eyeing this top online and initially thought it was very fitted and structured as it appears on the model. upon trying it on at the store, i agree with other reviewers it is a tad boxy. i ended up sizing down to a small and it fits nicely. (5' 8"", 145, usually i take a medium or 6/8 in retailer tops). i can see where this might not work for everyone, but i found it to be a fun take on a classic ""tweedy"" look. i plan to add a pop of color with jewelry or even pair it with the pin"	1
"Just agreeing with all the good reviews.  love the color, feel, fit and versatility.  you can look sexy or modest depending on your underpinnings and accessories.  drapes over and disguises my figure flaws.  this is a three season dress for me and i look forward to having this in my rotation in the years to come.  i bought regular hem instead of petite."	1
I was so excited to receive this in the mail. it fits true to size and is extremely flattering. so glad that i made this purchase	1
This top has a western look with lots of black and some burgundy shades.  it is very cute and the fabric is soft.	1
"I wore this sweater last weekend and received so many compliments. not only is this a very pretty style, the poncho is comfortable. i really glad i purchased."	1
I ordered this in a large and its a super cute dress but this time the large ran super big! i usually wear a 10 so sometimes mediums are too small. i'm going to exchange it for a medium and see if that fits better. the beading detail is beautiful but just had too much fabric down below.	1
"This was a cute design, but didn't work for me. the fabric was slightly see-through, and too tight around the bust."	1
"I am a small, athletic build and typically wear an xsmall in tops. naturally, in something with a more straight fit and blousy shape, an xsmall would be appropriate. i ordered it and was super bummed. the lace detail made the collar lay funny and the shoulders were too tight. i liked the sheer fabric though and the lace details and decided to order a size up. i am so glad i did because everything laid like it was supposed to. this top is beautiful with a sexy, but refined look. i plan to dress i"	1
"I am currently studying at a university where i am constantly reviewed on how i dress. if i'm underdressed i get comments and if i'm overdressed i get even more comments. the other day i wore a plain navy blue blazer and people asked me all day what the occasion was. for me, this blazer is a nice solution to the standard uniform blazer. the stripes and light grey color make this blazer more casual for me, but i still feel put together for class. the fit is also excellent and doesn't feel boxy at"	1
"So i really like this top. not my usual choice, but i'm trying to branch out. really like the top (i got the white one because they had it in my size). only thing is i could have sized down but arms/shoulders/bust are super tight so i went with the larger size. i got mine on sale and a button had already fallen off the back so forewarning that may be a problem in future....   but overall i really like this top."	1
"I adore this sweater!  is it a bit itchy? yes.  do i care?  certainly not enough to send it back. great length, hangs nicely. unique without being gaudy. great purchase."	1
"Great spring time dress that looks good with a thin top, a cardigan or by itself. the fit is a bit loose but not oversized in my usual size, so if you want a slimmer silhouette or you are not busty, i would size down. love the fabric as it has some give despite its thickness. i would have paid full price but i'm lucky to have purchased on sale."	1
"I never buy shorter shorts, my legs are so muscular that most are unflattering, but these were actually ok. they didn't look loose like the model, but hit a nice spot on the leg, and they have enough stretch to fit me nicely. i even bought the white color... unheard of! i weigh 115 lbs, all legs..."	1
"Marking down one star because these pants do gape quite a bit when you sit down, though i appreciate the shorts underneath that prevent any indecent exposure. these could have done with a little stitch in the front or side somewhere on the leg to limit that. that said, my other similar (non-retailer) pants that are much worse and are also are bulkier on top, which does not look great at my size/with my body shape. these are more flattering (i love the band on top) and comfortable. i am normally a"	1
This is a very unique piece. it seems to be easy to wear and it is very comfy. but i normally wear a medium/size 8 and it was too big. i might size down to a petite medium of just go for small. it seems this might be a trial and error type of outfit.	1
"Wow! this skirt blew me away out of the package! i almost had to wonder if i received the right skirt i had ordered! i thought the skirt was mostly an oatmeal isth color , but irl the skirt is predominantly purple with real and beige colors weaved in! the skirt itself is also a fine sweater knit which makes it look more luxurious! i'm thinking this skirt will look awesome in the fall, but might be a bit heavy for some in the summer weather. the skirt is also longer than expected... i'm 5'6"" and"	1
"I haven't worn jeans in a year because i felt uncomfortable and constrained. these are as soft as my leggings. they have so much stretch, you could do yoga in them. if you want the jean look w/o the stiffness/structure, get these. flattering to the booty too."	1
"These relaxed fit jeans are super soft. they do run a size large, i am a size 26 in the stilt style and the 25 in these fit well with a little ""room""."	1
"This sweater is very pretty. the pictures online do not show the intricate knitting and the lovely details or how delicate the yarn is. i bought the light orange color and i think it will transition nicely into spring. the shape is very figure flattering as well. overall, i am very happy with my purchase."	1
"I spotted these on the sale rack and loved the design, the almost regal fabric toned down to casual by the cropped denim cuffs. they weren't my size, but, to my surprise they could be ordered in my size, still at the sale price. the fit was perfect. they will surely make a statement wherever i choose to wear them."	1
"This romper is really cute. it's flowy and wide at the middle, which i like. it's comfortable. i ordered my usual size small and it was too big. i'm hoping an exchange will do the trick ."	1
Had to have this dress as soon as i saw it in store. i am heavy chested (40dd). bought it in an xl. it is so colorful and vibrant. dress would look good on any skin tone. love that it is a shift dress. perfect with sandals or wedges.	1
"I have been waiting for this poncho to hit my local retailer.  it was as good as it looks online. the perfect piece to put on over a tank or t-shirt. you can dress it up or down and i love that it has pockets. i wear a 10 and i bought the m/l, this is meant to be oversized so buy appropriately."	1
Great tank to wear to work or a night out. fits true to size.	1
"This is my new favorite sweater. it is a great mid-weight sweater, that hangs beautifully with an interesting bottom hemline. im so happy with this purchase. im 5-9, 155# and the m is perfect."	1
"First pair of mother jeans, went with my regular 25 (as in my citizens/paige/ag) and it fits well. the waist doenst seem as high as it looks in the model (i wish it was). the fabric is stretchy and soft. it looks the same finish/color as online, a greyish denim. i like it."	1
"Lovely color and fits nicely. only problem on mine, the front stitches were not properly sewn."	1
"This blouse, with a scalloped hem, is a good blouse to wear by itself. it goes well with higher waisted bottoms. it is very boxy. i like that but did buy a petite instead of s regular to compensate (i swing both ways on oetite/regular sizing). i'm so-so about the patch pockets, the material is fairly heavy, but they do add to the look of the top. it's well made and nicely finished."	1
This is my 4th byron lars dress and i just love this designer. his dresses all fit the same as far as i can tell. i had bought this dress as my sister in law recommended it so much and she was right it is stunning!	1
I recently got this on sale after looking at it forever on my wish list. i'm so happy with it. its very comfortable and just long enough for my torso (5'3). the pattern on the front is very flattering.	1
"I love the style of this jacket!  i will be curious to see how it holds up in the rain. it's very well made and has cute details. it does run large."	1
"I got this dress on sale (under 20 dollars) but i would pay more!  it runs very large - i got a medium which is roomy, irl i wear a large (vanity sizing i suppose!).  the colors are so pretty, it is lined so you don't need a slip or cami.  highly recommend!"	1
"I just purchased this adorable, unique looking sweater at my local retailer store and absolutely love it. as soon as i saw it, i knew i had to have it! it is super soft, tts so i purchased it in my regular size small and it has the cutest pockets ever. the little black buttons also add to the look but the black snails on the pockets are what's really so sweet on this one. though i'm not a fan of snails in my garden, i'll make an exception for a couple of them making a guest appearance on this swea"	1
"I saw this in the store today, tried on a small and a medium and a medium fit me better which is unusual. usually i am a small. this top is fitted around the chest and flowing at the bottom, a little longer than usual but the pattern is so pretty that i got it. i am 5'4"" 135 pounds and got a medium."	1
"I noticed half of the reviews on here were from women with a slim/straight and/or petite figure. fit-and-flare dresses simply will not work for you; it's the entire purpose behind the ""flare"" shape at the hip. it will be too large for women without wider hips. ------------------------- that said, i found this perfect for me in every way. after having a baby, it's hard to find a dress that fits my more curvy shape where most of my weight fell on the hips and bust. i wish this dress was a tad long"	1
"This dress is gorgeous, but i should warn all the tall ladies out there that it fits quite awkwardly. i'm 5'10"" and tried both the petite (thinking it would fall more like a midi), and the regular, hoping it would fit like a maxi should. both hit at a very awkward spot on my mid-shin... as much as i loved and wanted it, it looked too weird to justify buying."	1
"Lovely feel to this almost-cowl neck turtleneck. it's quite thin, and has 3/4 length sleeves, so it won't keep you warm. but the fabric is soft, the ribbing is flattering, and the fit is loose without feeling frumpy. overall, a good staple that's a bit more interesting. the mauve-ish color looks great with grays."	1
"I tried this on at antho today and loved it! the pictures online are not doing this garment any favors. it is flattering in person. the fabric is a light fabric-i was a little disappointed in this since i like things to be a little warmer, but this is probably better anyway with spring coming (it is coming, right?-today it's snowing) i like the under-layer that is kind of silky which i think adds a special touch to it. it is versatile and could be paired with anything."	1
"I got this top in the beige, size small. it is flattering and though i hadn't noticed the lace details in the back before i purchased it, they are a nice touch. this is a versatile piece. i can dress it up or down. this will definitely be a favorite of mine this season."	1
I was pleasantly surprised when this arrived. it hangs in a flattering way and the red has a nice soft hue. i couldn't believe what a great deal i got while on sale.	1
"This dress is more of a lounge dress for at home even a belt and nice shoes would. it make it ok for day. 5$2 back is way longer than the front, more so than shown in the picture and the material is not substantial but for a lounge dress or swim coverup it is fine."	1
"I purchased this jacket on pure impulse. to be quite honest it reminds me of a coat my dad used to wear, and i was halfway on the way to retailer when i decided to try it on. my goodness it's perfect. it's slightly oversized, delightfully 70's and makes everything look good skirts, pants, dresses etc. buy it, especially off the 70's have a special place in your heart."	1
"Just picked this up in black in the store. on the hanger it looks like just another v-neck tank, but it is quite flattering on. however, the v-neck is quite exaggerated and loose, i will be pinning it so it doesn't sag open. :)"	1
"This tee is so comfortable and stylish. you can easily dress it up. i love how the back covers your assets, and the sleeves are long enough for tall girls. a great buy on sale! i bought a small and bought 3 colors!"	1
Bought this dress to wear to work. love it! great buy	1
"I've never worn a romper before but decided to give this one a try because i'm loving the colors/pattern. i'm so glad i did! it's even cuter on and very flattering! my only complaint is the buttons. i wish it was easier to remove and put on especially since this is a romper afterall. still, this is a beautiful piece!"	1
"Even at 5'1"" this kimono works for me. because it's so light in weight the length and amount of fabric are not at all overwhelming. it can be dressy or casual, as others have noted."	1
"I love this dress so much that i bought it in 2 colors: one in blue and one in orange. great style, comfortable and quality material. however, the cut is much, much deeper than it appears in the pictures. women with bust should be conscious of that.   the blue is the better color. the orange looks more like a fluorescent, red-orange. still cute, but not as subtly muted as it appears in the pics.   overall, great dress. even better with the sale price."	1
"Absolutely love this suit. the bottoms are very comfortable and covers everything id like it to. it does not ride up at all, which almost never happens with swim suits. i'm going to order this in a different color next season. i paired the bottoms with the peplum top and received many compliments."	1
"Great pop of color (i purchased the rosy color) and great piece you can add layers to. it drapes beautifully, may run a tad larger, but not enough to size down. light weight, so wear alone for warmer fall days or as we get into spring, and with a scarf and jacket for cooler days."	1
I love this shirt. it is so soft. not boxy at all. very flattering. my only complaint is that there aren't more colors!	1
This is a gorgeous jacket! love the softness and the style is unique and fresh. the color is going to keep me cheered through the winter. this will look great with a scarf and leggings.	1
Unusual color. expensive even on sale.	1
"I saw a review from another petite person who said this runs small, but i'm my case it ran true to size. it's a very flattering dress and easy to wear for any occasion."	1
"I love this top!! i got lucky and found it returned at a store (always always check the ""found and collected racks ladies!) it was a 6 and i was a little worried it would be much to large, but it fit great! i like that i can wear something under it or on its own. i didn't fit it too short, but i'm a little under 5'7"" and roughly 127 lbs, 32/34a. highly recommend!"	1
"I just received this top today, and as usual, retailer doesn't disappoint!! it's beautiful, runs a bit generous and has such pretty detail. i'm 5'2, 128 pounds and always wear a size small. this small fits well with just enough room to be a little generous around your waist. what a steal!! don't miss this perfect addition to any wardrobe."	1
I bought this blouse in a size 4 (my normal size) to pair with winter white slacks and gun metal pumps. it was a hit. i felt beautiful and professional. and received many compliments at work as well as at an after work gathering the quality is surprisingly sturdy given the lace work. the collar and cuffs really set the design off. this top is much more impressive in person.	1
"This top is very interesting, has delicate knitting pattern, feels very soft but also very thin. i ordered a purple size large, and it was true to size, but a little shorter in the body than looks, sleeves are long just as other reviewers have mentioned. i am 6ft tall, 160lb and i have long torso & curvy body, so this sweater turned out to be shorter than i hoped but with all that underneath layering it could be manageable. overall look of the sweater is about the same as the photo, the only mat"	1
"I think this shawl is much more stunning on than on the hanger. i think it will be a great piece to transition into fall, wearing it over a black or white tee. it can be dressed up or down. especially for the sale price, a great piece!"	1
"I bough this dress in blue and i cannot tell you the compliments and the looks i get on the street! no kidding! this is a beautiful dress which has a very feminine/romantic quality to it. i bought size 4 and it sits perfectly on my waist i completely fell in love with that dress and especially with the lace work and the design. this is a classic piece, that is always going to be timeless in my opinion. no regret at all to have bought it!"	1
"Love these jeans! they fit great, they feel great. i am 5'9.5 135 pounds. they fit everywhere you would like them to. unroll them and they are long! love love love!! so wonderful i just bought my second pair."	1
"I really like these but my usual size 29 did not fit. i always wear that size in pilcro but these were at least a size two small and i have to return them. regretfully, they are out of size 30 so i lose out. wish there had been previous reviews to let me know, so i'm doing so now for anyone thinking of ordering."	1
Ordered this cover up in a mp but it was waaay too big so now waiting for the sp to arrive! hope its a hit!	1
I bought this in the store and love it. seeing it online - i would never think to buy it. much more flattering in person!	1
I really like this dress. it has a very flattering cut and a stretchy forgiving fit so you could go your normal size or up a size and both would fit great. i got the red (orange) and i have worn it once and got 3 compliments in the few hours i was out.  great buy! especially on sale ;)	1
"I'm 5'2, 105lbs and bought xsp. seems a bit too short for my taste especially since this is a popover, but not bad enough to return. everywhere else fits tts. nothing stunning about it, but is unique enough to add to my everyday casual. it would be better if there are more colors to choose from."	1
Beautiful dress. when you look at it on the hanger you think this could be really good or really bad. but it is absolutely beautiful. would highly recommend it - can dress it up or down.	1
"Adorable top! sweet but not too sweet, can go either casual or dressy depending on what it is paired with. i was looking for cropped tops as that silhouette works better for my proportions with the plethora of cropped bottoms that are in stores. as another reviewer mentioned, it is lined so no cami is necessary. the label says dry clean only however, i have washed it in a mesh bag on gentle in cold water and hung to dry without any issues. the dry cleaning warning may be because of the lace on t"	1
As usual this dress does not disappoint. looks great with boots and is the perfect day to date dress.	1
"I bought this stylish and cozy sweater in ivory. i find that cable knit sweaters tend to add bulk, but this sweater creates a long, lean look. it looks great with leggings and skinny jeans, and the buttons on the cowl are a fun detail. every time i wear this, i get compliments on it."	1
Great fit	1
"I love this blouse. it's really pretty and very flattering. it makes your waist look small. i usually wear a size 6 or 8. after reading the reviews saying it ran small, i ordered an 8 and a 10. the 10 fit perfectly, so i didn't even try the 8 on. it is a little difficult to get on and off due to the zipper on the side. that is my only complaint."	1
"Ag is my go-to brand for comfortable, high quality jeans. these fit the bill!"	1
"This dress is even more beautiful in person. it fits true to size and drapes nicely from the body without being tent-like, as some swing dresses are prone to be. the material is very nice and the pattern is stunning and unique. as someone else mentioned, you can pair this with a cardi for work. it's also perfect for a night out. it's easily dressed up or down. and looks amazing with a skinny belt. i'm happy i bought this one!"	1
I really was excited to get this dress. the design is great. very nice quality. it does seem to run small on me in the booty/belly area. that or it is just tighter than my liking. overall it is a nice dress. i plan to get a mint cardigan to top it off and a thin cognac leather belt.	1
This dress is really really soft and comfortable. it's loose but still flattering. i would definitely recommend it.	1
"First off, they are much prettier irl than in the photos online. they fit very large on me. i am usually a 8 or 10 but have hips so ordered the10. wrong decision. i needed the 8."	1
"I ordered this only because it was in the stylist's picks, and decided to see what it was about. i ordered a petite, and don't regret it. the petite on my 5'1.5"" falls right by te hips, which is more flattering for a bomber-style top #not sure if descriptions says that, but it is a bit bomber-style#. the color is truly ivory, not as white as hte picture depicts, though now that i look colsely, you do see a contrast with the white top the model is wearing #so don't expect very white#. as mentione"	1
I really liked these jeans. i had to return though. they run small. i normally wear a 27 and could have gone for a 28 in these. maybe it was because i went for the petite. they can run a bit smaller.	1
"Love the jeans! the color is listed as black for some reason but they are definitely blue like the picture. and what i love most is i've always wanted somewhat distressed jeans but for me the ripped jeans look doesn't work. these are perfectly distressed without being hole-y. i also love the length. i'm usually a 29"" person because i love ankle length for boots (tall and short). these are listed i think a bit shorter than that i think but didn't feel cropped. they are also made of some special """	1
"Saw this skirt in the sale room and figured i'd give it a try. i'm always looking for comfortable skirts that aren't too tight around the waist. once i zipped it up, i knew it would be a keeper! the waist band is super comfortable and it has a hook/eye closure as well. the material is a little heavier weight, but that's fine it can work for winter as well. it's soft, yet structured. the pockets are always a plus. if you want to step away from the normal shapes and colors, this is out of the box"	1
"This dress is absolutely perfectly delightful! fits like a glove and is stunning on. i couldn't be happier with this purchase! i wore it to a wedding in october and felt beautiful and sexy all at the same time. i usually struggle with dresses because i am under 5 feet, i purchased a 0p and it fits very well. no tailoring needed. only problem was that once i was on the dance floor the hooks in the front of the dress began to come undone, yikes! i had to leave the dance floor a couple of times and"	1
"Purchased the navy/green and the red/brown. ultimately exchanged the red for the black/gold. the charlies tend to run small, so size up one. i normally wear a 26/2, but needed a 4 in these. the side zip makes for a slimming fit. i'm 5'3 and it is an ankle fit. i've paired a sleeveless silk navy blouse with the blue pant when the weather was warm and now i pair with a white oxford and navy cable knit sweater. i see many more possibilities for both pairs. fun print and fabric that can work through"	1
"Nice dark indigo with minimal fading. medium denim thickness, with stretch. i bought size 25 and it is snug, but doesn't squeeze. my hip is 34.5"" and 28"" waist. love these. i will be getting them hemmed up to ankle length. i am 5' 5"" and find the little kick out at the ankle (from getting them shortened) to be very cute and classy. if you keep them full length to your shoe, they will have a slightly baggier bootcut look. these remind me of my point sur hightower straight leg jeans, with maybe an"	1
"This dress is just what i was looking for. i ordered it in late summer. it was back ordered and i ended up wearing it on thanksgiving day! it's so comfortable, and just the right length. i wore it with leggings and boots, but it will be just as great with sandals in the spring."	1
"This is a very pretty blouse with a vintage, romantic looking fabric. the tiny pleats near the neck and shoulders are lovely. i love the colors...black, brown, and cream. it's hard to find a top that can be worn well with both black and brown. the long tie adds a romantic feel. this blouse is totally sheer so requires a cami or tank. i actually love the blouse, but returned it because it is super blousy. i am 5'2"", 140 lbs., and the small was fine. it is just so blousy, that even belting it didn"	1
I read the previous comments and was skeptical. i love the dress! it's fitted on the top and flowy on the bottom. i didn't find it too big or maternity on the bottom half. the print is really pretty with flecks of blue that brightened up the dress.	1
"I think this dress is my favorite purchase this whole year! it fits like a dream! i saw it in the store while it was full price and tried on an 8 (the only size they had left!). i typically wear a 6 or 8 in dresses, but the 8 was quite large, so i passed. after it went on sale, i ordered a 6 with my fingers crossed! glad i ordered when i did, as they sold out fast! fabric is a nice substantial weight, great for fall! the fit is great, not tight at all and more of an a-line on me, which is weird"	1
"This dress is very comfortable. i bought both the small & xsmall and ended up keeping the xsmall i am 5'4"" 125 lbs. 34c"	1
"This dress is modern yet timeless, cute yet rock and roll if worn with boots. i am 36b, 26 waist, 36 hips, and size regular s fits well. i like regular size because it is longer in the torso (lengthens waist for a belt) and the length is right above the knees, appropriate for work. the bust area fits me perfectly so well-endowed ladies may want up a size. i am into grey now but all colors are gorgeous, love the sheen, colors are true like shown (1 star off for hi price for a simple dress)."	1
"These are fantastic jeans. true to size but know that if you are average height, you'll need to wear heels with these. imo flare pants look much better with heels anyway."	1
"This dress has a very flattering cut for hourglass ladies. i am an 8/10 and got the medium. the sleeves are a little blousy, otherwise it is just about perfect. it will look great with boots or booties for fall. i will wear a thin tank with it to work because the neckline is a little deep."	1
"I really love this coat! it is beautiful and very comfortable. while the attached scarf does cover the cute buttons, i'm glad it is there! it comes in handy when the temperature drops quicker than anticipated. the only thing missing on this coat is a lining as soft as the exterior."	1
"I love this fabric, it is comfortable and forgiving. as i prefer jewel tone colors the sapphire is great. i wish it would be offered in red, like the cowl neck long sleeve tee. with that said, i thought the sleeve length on this might be odd, and while i wish it were a few inches longer (3/4 sleeved). the only reason i haven't given it five stars is that i haven't laundered it enough to verify the quality."	1
I have several tiny tunics in m. i received this one today and it is very cute but too tight in the chest. i'm returning it for a large.	1
"This is a very pretty, particularly youthful dress.  but, do be forewarned, it is gigantic.  size down even if you never do, and get a petite if you are even a little short.  i didn't size down enough and it was both wide and long -- it looked ridiculous.  i am petite, and the hem went way below my knees (and the dress was considerably longer than the slip)."	1
"This sweater is super soft and the metallic banding is a really nice detail. the fabric could turn out to be a bit fragile though. if you have a chest, it may feel a bit boxier than you expect but i don't mind it for a comfy, cozy, soft sweater."	1
"Absolutely love this sweater because it is so pretty while being soft and comfortable. i am 5'4"" and purchased the small?it falls a little below my hips. while the color matches everything, the pockets and details add a nice touch and the longer sleeves are cozy. the only drawback is it pills and sheds."	1
I loveeeeeeee this dress! i saw it online and immediately loved the blue/ orange large floral print but so did everyone else and it sold out quick. but i thought the shape could be flattering so i ordered in the black polka dot and loved the shape! so flattering. i ended up going in store and buying the other two colors. the patterns are vibrant and lovely shape. my only concern was seeing it in store i noticed it stretching while just hanging on the hanger. i wish the fabric was of better quali	1
"Dressed up or dressed down, this summer dress is perfect. the skirt is a lot of fabric, like others have said, but it's part of what makes this dress fun; and because the top is fitted, i find it very flattering because you can adjust the tie around the waist to make it fitted. that being said, the design sort of threw me off when it arrived in the mail because the waist as well as straps around the shoulders are adjustable; at first it looked like a sack, but when it's on and adjusted it will l"	1
It is the perfect shirt that looks and feels great. i wear a size 4 and it fits perfectly.	1
"This is a fantastic maxi -- it is very flattering, you can wear a normal bra with it (for me, very necessary) and the added ruffle makes it perfect. its a casual fabric but because of the contrast in fabric can be dressed up easily.   i am 5 foot 1, 123, and curvy on top and ordered a small petite. in many antrho maxis i go down to an xs, but in this one the small felt the best -- more comfortable around the waist.   will get tons of wear out of this -- have already taken it on a trip and wo"	1
"I originally bought this from my local retailer in an xs petite. i think it was a return. i brought it home and decided it was just too big for my 5'4"" 116# frame. i ordered it in an xxs petite and am keeping it. the colters are just so pretty and it is machine washable which is an added bonus. it is still flowy but not objectionably so. it is meant to be unstructured and bohemain i think. looking forward to wearing this on my upcoming trip to italy."	1
"This cover up has great potential. i love the embroidery. the colors and design are great. however, it has a number of loose strings. it makes me wonder what might happen when i wash it. the fabric is on the thinner side, but it is not see through. the fabric would be nice for a hot day by the pool. i caught it on sale, so i am keeping it."	1
I love wearing sweaters when it gets cooler out but hate the bulkiness that comes with them. this is a super cute sweater that isn't too bulky and gives you the sexiness you're looking for! great material.	1
"I ordered these in a xxs, a little nervous about them being too small, and i was very pleased with the fit. for reference, i'm 5'2, 98lbs. these are great for all seasons, the lining is warm, yet adds a pop of color when cuffed. the crowns on the birds are pretty nifty!"	1
I love purchasing these tunic/ruffle dresses because they can be worn anywhere.....this dress is definitely a little on the heavy side for winter wear...the color is beautiful...i am 5'4''. 138 pounds and always purchase a large for a relaxed fit....i plan to wear it out to dinner for my birthday and to a house party on new years day....	1
"I'm on the smaller end of the bust spectrum even nursing i'm a 32c/d at my fullest. i adore this suit. there is zero support so if you need that move on don't buy this. i love it -hides the post partum baby puff, pattern detracts from flaws, deep plunge is modest yet still sexy and it's super stretchy and easily be pulled aside to feed a baby. underneath there's a fabric bra insert so if you bend over nothing can be seen which i like. haven't worn in water or waves yet but fabric feels awesome."	1
"Ordered this in white. it is really nice and sexy but very body hugging and unforgiving. perhaps it is my large stomach, but it hugs a bit too much for my liking. yet i think overall the design is very nice so i am keeping it and hoping i can lose some weight in my tum."	1
"I was very excited to receive this dress. i ordered my normal size small, which i should have realized was a mistake. you could fit two of me in that size small. i realize the dress is supposed to be ""flowy"" but it would have been baggy on me at nine months pregnant. the fabric is soft and comfy and the pattern is cute, but order at least one size down. i'm going to exchange for the xs in hopes of it not resembling a short muumuu."	1
From the picture i wasn't sure how it would fit. got in the mail and i love it. fits snug when you first put it on and get looser as you wear it. definitely should of gotten a large.	1
"I do agree with others that the draping does sit a little funny, but its nothing that a simple tack can't fix. this suit looks incredible on, and does a good job of hiding my ""mom pooch"" while still making me feel sexy with the cutouts. also covers the chest area well."	1
"So glad i ordered this dress. it fits true to size and is extra soft. i was unsure about the color, but it looks nicer in person. the fabric is a mid weight that hangs nicely. this will go great with leggings or tights and wear into spring."	1
"Beautiful fit, love the style!  fabric somewhat thin, but didn't bother me. thought a little expensive however, but i'm keeping!"	1
These are the perfect high-waisted skinny jeans. they fit tts and don't stretch out. are the perfect length for cute falls or tucked into boots. i adore them!	1
I tried on this top in store & was a bit wishy washy on it at first. however i am so glad i bought it and have worn it 3x in a week (shh!). it is incredibly lightweight & breathable which is great for hot texas summers. i also love that it has interesting back detail. the other reviewers mentioned it was see through but i don't agree - i wear a nude bra with it and have no issues. it can be worn casually with shorts or dressed up with white denim & fancier accessories. either way it looks best w	1
"This tank is wonderful for those with full hips because it hangs just right to cover any flaws. the colors are bright and the material is soft. there is a band at the end that elevates the tank so you can wear it out if you would like. not too low in the front and overall the tank runs true to size. i suppose if you wanted a tighter fit you could size down 1 size, but i like the way it hangs in my regular size. i'm very busty and hippy and this top makes both look slim. highly recommend."	1
"Adorable sweater with a loose knit that helps slim down my man-back appearance. cut is tapered to the body but with a soft flare at the bottom hem. not clingy, very soft fabric doesn't accentuate bulges so i am happy about it's forgiving silhouette."	1
I saw this dress and i thought it would be perfect for that night that you don't feel like wearing just jeans yet you don't want to be overdressed. the dress is 100% cotton and is extremely comfortable. i paired with an open toe wide heeled bootie and a long necklace. the dress has a slight a line bottom but fits close to the body in chest and arms. extremely flattering for all body types and the color is a pretty blue. a dress for all seasons!!!!	1
"I have discovered that i'm really picky about t-shirts. it's hard to find a cute, flattering one that you can wear with whatever. this one is perfect. the neckline is different, the sleeves are short -- almost cap sleeves. it fits nicely everywhere. i am an 8/10 and the medium fit well. i love that it's a dark enough color and not sheer (why are so many of your clothes see through, retailer?!!!) , so i don't have to layer something under it just to wear it. it's thin enough that you can wear it in"	1
"This is a very pretty top with nice lace details. the linen makes it not quite as soft as 100% cotton but still comfortable and breathable. the fit was just right in the small petite. i tried it on in the store and was very tempted, but wound up not buying it because i have other similar tops. i would snap it up if it went on sale or if i needed a top of this type."	1
"Petite pants hsould be able to fit short peple, but a 32 inch inseam on pants with buttons at the nottom, can't even gegt them hemmed, what a bummer. my inseam is 27 inchess, so i would need a 5 inch heel. otherwise, gorgeous, and waiat fits true to size. thighs a bit snug for musclea, but stretchy enough to fit. thinking about keeping them, but have to find big plaform heeks..."	1
"This top is a lot more striking in person. on, it's quite stunning. it is a tad short but that's part of the aesthetic and i don't find it unflattering. however, the first time i wore it one of the black rope/thread details disintegrated and fell apart. i tried to reinforce the end and reattach it but it just came apart again. i understand the nature of the top makes it more delicate, but this was definitely disappointing. i mentioned it when i went back into the store and the sales girl sympath"	1
"Love this top! not too low cut, drapes nicely and the material is thin enough but not so thin you have to wear a tank top. it does seem to run on the larger side."	1
"I took a risk and bought this blouse and got a wonderful surprise. i bought my usual size small (34c, 31"" waist) and it was perfect. the details of this blouse are amazing. you cannot see the flecks of copper-gold leaves all over the fabric or the gold threads running down the seam in the front. it is really, really beautiful. the fabric overall is soft and flowy and the sleeves do not stand out off my shoulders in a weird way. there is a soft flow of ruffle down both sides of the shirt. the fro"	1
"I honestly, have to give these jeans 5stars.  i loved them when i saw them in the store and had to have them and when i wore them, i got tons of compliments. they are super comfortable too!  i read some of the other reviews and thought that their comments were a little strange.  these jeans are obviously not classic and they will go of style but, if you run a little outside of the style box you will welcome them in your wardrobe."	1
"This tunic is very cute and incredibly comfortable. it is a bit loose, but you can see that on the model that it hangs off the body. i lose my waist a little bit in this, but think it's a good substitute for a thin sweatshirt and the button detail at the neck is nice if you want to show a little cleavage."	1
"I normally don't write reviews for clothing but this dress warrants an exception.  i am a little over six months pregnant and have a shotgun wedding at city hall in a couple of weeks. with a limited amount of time to plan, i bought a bunch of pregnant wedding dresses online and rented the runway, to arrive just before the actual ceremony. out of curiosity, i walked into retailer today to see if they had any white or ivory dresses that would look cute and city hall wedding-ish. they did! so i too"	1
I just received this and had ordered it in my normal size small and it is way too big! sadly xs is sold out so i will just have to return mine. the style is like a swing coat and zips up the front. the material is thinner but nice and can be worn over sweaters or bulkier items! the color is more beige in real life.	1
"It's not often you can find a dress that is warm, cozy, timeless, and sexy at the same time, but this one is it. the material is thick but clings to the body in all the right places. i normally wear an xs or s, and in this i took an xs. sleeves are nice and long. your shoulders are exposed as much as you want them to be, depending on how low you fold over the collar piece. i chose to tack mine down in place, so i'm not always adjusting it.  i wore this dress with black heeled over-the-knee boots"	1
I haven't worn it yet. i tried it on when i got it and like it alot	1
"I have the white lemon lace shirt and love it so i was excited to see it in a color well suited for fall. the peacock pattern on the blouse i received is perfect and the pattern is well placed. i do love this one as much as the lemon blouse, however, the color is not the same as it appears online. it is more of a jade green color, and although it's pretty, i would have preferred it to look more of a blue color. i'm keeping it, as it is still an unusual and elegant blouse that's cute with dark sk"	1
"I purchased this in the green. nice print, not overwhelming. slips on, hides a bra, and was simply comfortable to wear. can easily be dressed up or down, but i was looking for a dress that i could slip on at the last minute to go out to dinner with friends. i took it on a trip to florida, and it did not wrinkle in my suitcase. what more can you ask for?"	1
I love this dress and was hoping to get it in more colors. i was bummed when my size xs regular was out of stock. i would've even ordered it in a s regular but that was out of stock too. please get more in...love the deep red color!	1
"I'm 5'4 with an hourglass shape. i love this dress. it drapes nicely, the material won't be hot for summer and the color is perfect for my olive complexion."	1
"The tee looks longer on the model. i am 5 feet 9 and this tee is showing of my belly which surprise me a bit. i thought it would hit the waist line. still, very nice tee, i love cotton, it simply is the best. colors are nice too."	1
"This dress is very cute and super comfortable. as soon as i walked into work, i received a compliment. the fabric is not heavy, but actually on the thin side. if i knew this dress was maeve, i would have sized down. i'm always a large at retailer, but with some maeve items i need a medium. for reference, i'm 5'9"", 175, l/12. i love the look of a drop-waist, but because of my big bust i usually look silly, but this works."	1
I love this dress! i have an hour glass figure and the dress is very flattering on me. i didn't encounter a problem with the colors or pattern as others have stated.	1
"This pretty tee looks wonderful on! the cut and drape really flatter a woman's shape and will be versatile for pairing with casual or work outfits. i love the soft feeling, although it is not cotton as posted online.; the tag inside the shirt says: 95% rayon, 5% spandex. it doesn't really matter, but it's not what i expected. the rayon/spandex is very soft to the touch, has a beautiful texture to it and certainly feels comfortable. i really love the lower back hem at the hips, so flattering! i d"	1
"This dress is really pretty, but the fit is off. it is not fitted at the waist which made the back look poofy. also, the arm length is not flattering; it needs to be either longer or shorter. additionally, if one was to wear it a lot, the felting might start to fray."	1
"Love these, always get compliments. i'm 5'7"" bought size small. washed in warm & line dried. they are a bit shorter. lengthen the straps, drops the waist, but at least gets them to my feet"	1
Love this as a lightweight coat for cool to cold days. i love the squishy soft feel of the material. it works well with sweaters. love the deep pockets which works with my iphone plus and wallet. i love how simple and practical this coat is. the hood when not used as a hood makes a nice collar for the neck and head.	1
"Nice fit and color and i love the tall cuff but you will need to size up at least two sizes.  as the previous reviewer stated these jeans do run extremely small.  i usually wear a 27 ag in jeans, sometimes a 28 for the ag legging jeans but the 28 in these were still very tight all over, and uncomfortable.  i don't like my jeans skin tight so i had to go up to a size 29 but they fit and look great.  sizing definitely off on these.  i am 5'3"" 115# for reference."	1
"This is a throw it on and you're cute.  so easy and comfy, requires barely any styling to look cute in this.  and it has pockets!"	1
"I tried this on in the store in a size 4, and it was too tight. i'd need a 6 or possibly a 8, if i wanted a little room. (the store didn't have either.) though it was too tight, it was very flattering and more comfortable than i assumed. the neckline is a little awkward. the front straps of my racerback bra peeked out the sides. this might not be an issue with a bigger size."	1
"Love the crochet detail on the back. yes, it does show the bottom band of your bra. i think i'm okay with that. i had on a magenta colored bra when i tried this on and it was a nice pop of color. i think the top runs tts to slightly big. if you're in between sizes i would go down. i am a 34b and i ordered a size 4. so i haven't tried on the 2 but i think it would fit too and not be quite as loose in the arm hole area. i'm sure this top will sell out before it hits sale."	1
"I saw this dress in the window at the portland store, and had to try it on. i was a bit horrified at how huge it was once i got it on--sort of like wearing a tent. no shape at all. one of the awesome dressing room attendants brought me a belt, and suddenly it was the most beautiful dress i've ever had on. it's romantic, elegant, feminine... the fabric is so lovely and the flowy sleeves with the lower scooped back just look fantastic. i can't say enough about how amazing it makes me feel. i wore"	1
"For a special occasion, but i didn't keep mine:  i ordered petite and it was short on me, too short for my comfort  color is nice, rsty burgundy, i expected it a little more 'red"" fastening is a little more complicated, though you don't have to make it complicated, it has hooks at each end of the hole in the back,.  but: it is a nice cut, flattering to the silhouette, i might order a regualr size if i needed it. the body is structured, mateiral is not stiff, but also not soft. the arms is"	1
"I purchased this dress in the red/orange color and was impressed by the quality of the fabric. the waist sat a bit higher on me that in does in the picture, so it looks much more like an empire waist on me."	1
"This blouse is the definition of how to wear plaid and not feel like a lumberjack.. living in l.a. it's 90 degrees one day, and 60 the next. the lightweight fabric is perfect for our ever changing climate. it runs true to size and is very comfy. thinking of wearing it for thanksgiving dinner."	1
"I love this dress, it is very photo friendly which is a big plus for me. i am not the tallest person, 5'4"" but i had to be careful not to get my sleeves in the food i was preparing. perhaps the sleeve length is a bit longer on me, but i had to be very cautious while trying to put the finishing touches on our holiday feast. it's just something to be aware of. i suggest sushi or a nice cheese plate if you want to wear it as the hostess."	1
Love it!! it does run big so i had to return for smaller size. fabric is nice very true to picture	1
"I love charlie pants. i've bought a few in the past, and i've never been disappointed with quality, style, or fit. i love the side zip on these and the nice flat front as a result. i wish more pants were side zip- so much more flattering. i got these in a 4, my usual size, and the fit is perfect. i also got these in the regular, rather than petite, but the length works just fine for my height. i bought these in the grey stripe, but like them so much i think i'll order another pair in the orange."	1
"This top is so soft and with a henley neck opening and longer ribbed shirttail hems, it not only feels heavenly against the skin but it gives off a casual chic vibe. it is also great for layering under shorter sweaters and sweatshirts to give my staples a little oomph. it is a bit sheer so cami is a must. i am also not sure how well it will hold up after washings, especially since it's priced quite high. i love it so much that i will most probably end up keeping it it is true to size. i ordered"	1
This trench coat is the best fit and feel-true to size and cozy! excellent material!	1
These tight cords are perfect for fall.	1
"This is a gorgeous dress... great print, comfortable fabric (very wrinkly, though). runs very small. i'm usually a 00 or even sized out at retailer and will need to size up to a 2."	1
"This dress is beautifully tailored and so flattering. i feel very comfortable wearing it to work because of the sleeves and neckline, but think it would also be good to wear out. i'm so happy i bought it."	1
Looks wonderful with a pair of dark skinny jeans and cowgirl boots.	1
"I grabbed this immediately when i saw it in the store - the details are beautiful - beading, embroidery, and small opening details on the arms. from a practicality standpoint, it has pockets, it's machine washable, and it can easily be worn as is, with black leggings or tall boots in fall, and then throw an additional chunky ivory cardigan on for winter. for sizing, i am usually a size s and found it to fit loosely, but in comfortable slightlyyyy swingy way. if i had sized down the shoulder seam"	1
"What originally attracted me to this top was the rich floral print with the stunning and vibrant colors. however, the colors in this blouse are more vintage autumn than actually pictured on this model. although, the colors are darker, you can still wear many things with this blouse. the top is floaty but doesn't look like a tent! i feel ultra feminine and comfortable in it. definitely a top that you need for that ""something special"" but it is not too dressy or not too casual...just perfect! don'"	1
"If i could tell you how many compliments i got on with this coat, i would end up writing a book. this coat is beautiful, fits like a glove. i got the size 4, went into the store to try it on to make sure it fit right and tried on both the 4 and 6. i'm typically a 2, so i guess i went a size up. this coat is striking and the colors are beautiful."	1
"Just bought this dress in a 6. i'm 5'7"" 138 lbs (32b, 29 in jeans). this is *so* much better than pictured. it's an empire waist that really flatters my small bust and accentuates the thin part of the waist. i have an hourglass figure, but can see this working great for pear shapes. i wish the material felt softer, but the fit was so perfect, even for my broad shoulders. will transition nicely to warmer weather, but for now, i plan to wear it with leggings and a cardigan."	1
"Originally ordered a large but it was huge. the medium fit perfectly. i'm 165lbs, 5'7"". lovely material and interesting side details. the sides do come up quite high but a camo or tank underneath does the trick. lots of compliments!!"	1
I love this kimono. it fits great. and is gorgeous!!	1
"This is a well made and nice looking top.the gathering around the neck adds to the overall look of the shirt, but it also affects the way it fits. i got my usual size medium and it was tight in the shoulders and arm holes. i regret that i had to send it back."	1
I love birds	1
"This brand always makes the softest tees, and so i buy several each season. when i saw this one online, i worried that it might be too long for my short waist, but i decided to order it anyway. success! i ordered my usual size m (for knit tops - 10/12 in fitted ones), and the length was perfect due to the buttons on the side. fyi: short waist, broad shoulders/back, 36c - i carry my weight in the middle, since i virtually do not have a waistline. so a longer, boxy tee will emphasize the parts of"	1
I've worn this twice now and got a ton of compliments on it. it's so comfortable and looks great. the lavender color is gorgeous. highly recommend.	1
"I bought this top in the black with the dobby 4"" shorts in grey and wore them as a set 2 of the 3 days last weekend. mind you, i am tall, but the neckline is lovely, the smocking creates a nice close drape, and the length and the fullness in the bottom, perfectly offset the short-short concept. got lots of compliments with the 2.  i generally wear a 12 and ordered a medium which was fit nicely with enough room for a wash and dry going forward"	1
"This top runs large... an entire size. i am on the fence about it.. it is quite *stylish* and well made. it is fairly heavy and seems like it would be very warm. the burgundy color is nice. the issue i am having with it is the way the lower black arms are sewn in the upper arms. it just seems somewhat *odd*. overall though, it is very *forgiving*,especially with the black border around the entire bottom. it is the perfect top to showcase a great long necklace and it would be great with leggings"	1
"For reference: 5'3, 130#, athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders, slim hips) i wanted to love this dress soooo much, i wanted it for holidays, and special occasions, but my broad shoulders and 34d chest worked against me. the criss-crossed bodice accentuated my larger top, and there wasn't enough poof in the skirt to balance me out. i'm sure this will work beautifully on other body types, and i wish it worked on mine too! a sparkly necklace or dangling earrings and a high bun are all you"	1
"As other reviewers have said, this shirt runs a little short and wide. i usually wear petite, so the length didn't bother me. the sleeves fit me perfectly (which is rare in regular sizing), so others may find that they are too short and tight. to fix the boxiness issue, i just stitched 2 of the seams in the back together to give it more shape. since i bought the black pattern, my diy fix isn't too obvious but this may not work for the other colors. it needed a little work, but it was worth it fo"	1
"Omg so i never pay full price for a t-shirt because it's just a t-shirt but there are exceptions for every rule. i can't believe i am saying this but this shirt was worth it! it is true to size (a relaxed fit) so if you are in between sizes, you could comfortably size down. the colors are just so darling. love this. not disappointed."	1
I have these tops in white and blue. very comfotable to wear. the back part swings with movements and is flattering. good price so i got one for my daughter!	1
"Love this top. comfy, soft, and a great length. slightly longer in the back, and works great with leggings or jeans. i love that is has long sleeves. i wish it came in more colors."	1
"I love this dress for it's unique design with the crochet features. it is super comfortable, great for being layered without see through. i ordered a small though and it is still too large for me. i have been trying to decide on returning it since i love it so much. i'd recommend sizing down for this dress. i'm 5'6'', 135lbs, and still needed an xs which seems a bit off. i guess i'm used to retailer running a bit big, but i miss judge this one and hate to deal with the mailing and worrying"	1
"Love this top, just received it today. it is a very artistic interpretation for a casual top. the blue is gorgeous! the unique style of the peplm and the details on the front set this apart! runs a little shorter, but i feel the length enhances it;s beauty, and is appropriate for the overall design. love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ordered my usual size and it fits perfectly."	1
I bought a similar top by same manufacturer in fall in xs. this time it ran huge and had to order xxs which fit fine. it's very cute on.	1
"I love the color combination, and the bodice is very falttering. it has a tiny bit of stretch. the tulle is also feminine, i love that i could wear this with a moto jacket... sizing: no need for petite, it was short enough in regualr size. i think petite would have been too short (unless you are younger:-))"	1
"The color was a little darker than it looks online, but i like it!"	1
I purchased this dress for my bridal shower and it was perfect! the details on it are amazing-delicate and lovely! i am 5'11'' and it hit just above my ankles which i loved because i could show off my shoes!	1
"Super soft, light fabric. this dress is perfect for work or the weekends. this brand is new to me but i'll definitely be checking out their stuff more in the future."	1
"This was a splurge piece for my fall wardrobe. however, i will be returning it. it's extremely heavy and bulky. the collar doesn't lay right--it's tall so it wants to flop over but it's too bulky to fold and stay down. i went a size down and the sleeves are huge--wide and too long. it's not flattering on my figure--i have a booty but the sweater doesn't show curves at all. i also thought the colors were dingy, not bright like the photo. i think it would look good on someone tall and slender (als"	1
"This is an absolutely fabulous skirt. i cant wait to wear it. the biggest challenge is finding the best way to accessorize it. i am an artist and have lots of clothing, but haven't created that ab fab combo yet. i will!!!!"	1
"This coat is so stylish and actually reminded my daughter of the ""madeline"" stories. she just got her first paid internship in the city, so i am buying this beautiful red coat for her to celebrate. after all, a girl has to make a good first impression..."	1
"For me, the tag sale is an opportunity to take a second look at items that i may have overlooked earlier, to pick up something fun at a good price. i found this dress in two colors in my size in the store! i took my usual xxsp at 32-24.5-32. length is perfect - just above the knee and the top is flattering with not too much fabric in the skirt. overall, this is a really cute staple dress. looking forward to wearing it in the spring. larger busted ladies size up. it is meant to be fitted in the t"	1
"I love these jeans. they are very comfortable and do not stretch excessively after wear. i found the cut to be very flattering and the material to be heavy enough to hold its shape while still having enough give to move around and chase after little ones. they look great paired with a v-neck and flats or cute blouses and heels. a great buy! like another reviewer i, too, found these ran a little small and went up a size."	1
"I tried the size 2, regular in store. they were a bit roomy and since i am 5'3"", i was glad that they were offered in petite. they did not carry petites in the store so they ordered a petite 0 for me. i tried them on when i received them and they fit like they had been tailor made for me. the rise was a bit short but not a deal breaker, however, they were very long and i hoped that i had shoes that were high enough. i often hem pants but figure when i buy petites there is no need. also, the hem"	1
I loved this skirt. the material is so fun and a love the pattern. unfortunately they didn't have the size i needed so it had to go back to the store	1
"Alright ladies...this jacket!! its even better than it appears online. the green anorak fabric has a little stretch to it and is super comfortable. because of the stretch, i was able to do a large instead of my normal xl. but the real show stopper is the fringed sweater. it is gorgeous. it lays beautifully open or closed and is so soft and warm. the design has so much detail to it. there is also this amazing tie in back so you can cinch the waist if you want. this jacket will look amazing with a"	1
"Bought this today - cant speak to wear - but overall design is so incredibly cute and flattering. i am usually a small or medium, but went with a medium. so different and wearable! white is sheer so opted for a denimy blue color that i dont see listed available online."	1
"I was lucky to get these on sale with free shipping(my major lucky shopping moment of the year); however, they are worth every penny of the full price. i've waited years before shelling out this much for a pair of nice jeans, but now my skeptical opinion has done a 180 turn. these paige verdugo ultra skinny jeans are superior to any denim i've ever tried. they look and feel fabulous on me. i bought my usual 29/size 6 and am 5'1"", 130#."	1
"Loved the dress on-line. ordered a petite small. fits perfectly. i am barely 5'5"" and carry my weight in hips and thighs. this fits perfectly without being too snug on the butt!! so, if you are a pear shape, get this dress!!"	1
Super cute style but runs slightly larger then other ag jeans i have.	1
"I love this turtleneck! it's soft (cashmere blend), is sexy with the lace design and loose but form fitting style, and the 70s inspired sleeves are really flirty. i purchased it in two colors because i got so many compliments the first time around!"	1
I found this today on the one and only rack. i absolutely fell in love with it. i bought my normal size medium and it fit perfectly. other customers were asking where they could find it in the store. i highly recommend. it can be dressed up or down.	1
This is an adorable top that i find to be extremely comfortable. i don't usually buy prints but this one is so feminine and looks great with dark wash jeans. i am a 36d and the medium was a perfect fit.	1
"I bought this top in the brown /white combo although i really wanted the red /white but haven't had any luck finding it. i am never sure of my size in retailer but run anywhere from small to large depending on brands. i'm 5'4"", 140, 34 ddd. i wish other reviewers would state their sizes to help others purchase.. i got this shirt in size 8 which usually never happens to me. i wear a white tank or cream cami underneath since it is very sheer and dips low at the cleavage area. it is still flowy but n"	1
"I love this shirt. i ordered a large because i am taller, and i wanted the length to be right. while it's a little baggy, it's still very flattering and i've received lots of compliments on it. the color is exactly what is show in the image. it's a versatile shirt; depending on what you pair it with it can be appropriate for work, dinner, or a night out. i'd definitely recommend this shirt to a friend."	1
I was disappointed in the blue color of this skirt. i was looking for white. also felt it ran a little big.	1
"Got this dress on sale. it fits great. i am 5'8"", small bust, small waist but bigger hips. and this dress makes all those areas look great."	1
"I bought this for a beach getaway with the purpose of using it as a beach cover up. it was great for this purpose! however, i also bought it thinking that i could use it as a dress during the summer. i probably won't be using it for purposes other than the beach as it is extremely light weight and a bit sheer. also, although it's hard to see it in the photo, there are slits on the side of the dress. all of these elements make it perfect for the beach when you want a breezy, light-weight dress bu"	1
"This dress is absolutely gorgeous! love, love, love! i am 5'2 and the petite sizing was perfect."	1
This tee is super soft and thin. perfect for hot humid days. i went with the neutral version and it is adorable with chino shorts or jean shorts. i found it ran big.. i purchased in xs and still pretty baggy.	1
"I had really high hopes for this dress based on the reviews. i'm on the curvier side, but was surprised to find that my usual size 12 was very loose and long - the hem hit just below my knee. instead of feeling sexy, the weird fit just made me feel matronly. i'm going to exchange for a 10 petite, which will hopefully be a little more figure-hugging and not as long. despite my fit issues, the design is stunning, intricate, and unusual. i'm hoping that the new size will do it more justice."	1
"Delayed for a month on back order, this dress was worth the wait!  the beautiful design and colors are just as shown in the pictures.  the length and cut is slimming, more fitted at the bodice with a subtle flare after the waist.  detachable liner dress is a stetchy tank top that goes to the knees.  pullover style with a closed-end side zip that's needed because the knit band design under the bust does not stretch at all.     if your skin is sensitive--this dress isn't for you.  both the line"	1
"I wasn't looking for a little black dress but i couldn't resist this one. it's as stunning in person as it is in the pictures online. the front has a corset-like closure which i didn't realize until it arrived. it's very classy though, not cheap looking. the lace detail is really beautiful. i was a bit concerned about how the sheer looking areas would look because i was hoping to wear the dress for a dressy work function. it's definitely a sexy dress but the fact that there's so much coverage ma"	1
"Tried the xs on in store from an online return, loved the tailoring but the shoulder seams were a bit tight and i'm usually a s in most tops. ordered the s and while it was flowy like some mentioned, it was still tailored on top & flattering. also versatile - wore it with wide leg denim & wedges as well as cut off shorts & boots. my only complaint is as the others mentioned, the almost immediate pilling even before the wash. sad about it because i love it. will keep and give a little extra tlc."	1
"This dress is especially beautiful in person. the tulle doesn't snag and lays nice and flat, not point. this dress is easy to dress up or dress down, fits comfortably and has some stretch to it. the bodice does run a little high, higher than what is shown in the model picture, but lovely nonetheless."	1
"I love the feel of the fabric and design of this dress.  i look forward to changing the look with cowboy boots or fringed booties. i also like the option of wearing it opened over a white tee and jeans. worn loose or belted, it can be different every time you wear it. it does run large so you may want to size down."	1
"Every byron lars dress that i have is definitely beyond ordinary and this one is no exception. i love the petals that adorn the front.  my dress was back ordered for a couple of months but it was well worth the wait. i wore it recently and received compliments galore. if you're undecided about this one, go for it!!!  it's a winner."	1
"I am 5'2"" 125 pounds and i bought the 4p. the fabric is high quality and does not cling at all but instead drapes and in a very flattering way. add that to the cut of this jumpsuit and you have elongating, very flattering lines. i could not be more pleased and regret not having bought this item earlier, since i would have enjoyed wearing it during the holidays. as other reviewers said, it is adorable and a winner."	1
I loved the fabric and this print but it was just cut a little wrong for me. the gathering on the side made me look a bit wide. but the fabric is beautiful and everything else was nice. i did like the fact that it ties in the back so you can slim down the sillouhette (sp?) if you want to.	1
"I initially worried about these because i am curvy on the bottom and short (5'3), but they balance me out perfectly. they are light and airy and perfect for summer. i have paired them with form fitting tops which work best considering the bottom volume., and my latigo clogs which give me some height. these are my new favorite go-to pants!"	1
"Love this jacket... perfect for replacing old hoodies with something a little more chic. incredibly soft, warm and cozy. love! color is true to picture and i found it runs true to size."	1
I bought the black version of this dress. looks exactly like the picture and is true to size.	1
"I was a little hesitant to order this dress because of the a-symmetric hem. being very petite i thought it would be too bold for my small frame. i loved the colors though-- i ordered the one in red--and the the way the dress twirls and flows so i took a chance--and so glad i did! the dress is beautiful and unusual and so very flattering. the top portion is of a heavier fabric,so no see through at all. the slanted cut of the white and tan portion is very slimming and flows beautifully into the r"	1
"I agree with all the positive reviews about the look, fit and comfort of this dress.  definitely a four season dress.  for winter i plan on wearing wool tights, wool coat and boots and keeping the waist untied.  for me both the medium petite & regular looked good just a bit tight in the shoulders, since that's how my body is built.  i'm keeping the regular hem version.  my stats for fit reference: 5'3"" 140# 36dd, meaty arms/shoulders/back, small hips, no waist/bum."	1
"I wanted to love this top but found it to run small and was too sheer for my taste. it is a beautiful top though, but you will need a cami with it."	1
"I tried this on in the store and was pleasantly surprised at how cute it was! i'm 5'4"" and the large fits me loosely but is still shapely. because it's a little longer on me, it's great to wear both to work and on the weekends. just wish it came in more colors! you can't see the color in the photo, but there's a sea green lining which is a cute touch!"	1
"I have not owned a denim jacket of this kind in...15 years? i have a wonderful pilcro chambray jacket with a military cut from last year, but this kind of boxy, straight up denim jacket cut has not been a part of my life for a while. however, i was in a store last weekend and with the additional 25% off, i thought it might be wise to give this a try. i'm so glad i did. i've now tried it over two fairly girly dresses, with tights and booties (it's not exactly spring in boston yet), and i love it."	1
"I couldn't believe the bargain price of these leggings, so i took a chance and ordered all 3 colors. when they arrived, i was equally pleased to see how soft, cozy and warm they were and how nice they looked with all my oversized tops. also interesting is that the textures of all 3 are different. the black has a vertical lined texture, the lavender has a cable weave texture and the gray is untextured. wearing them is going to be a pleasure!"	1
I took a chance and ordered extra one for my daughter-without ever running it by her first. i'd first seen the sweater in the store when another customer was tracking it down. it looked so nice and unique i couldn't forget about it even though i didn't try it on at the time. very happy i got it on sale-and so i got two-luckily we go to our different workplaces in different towns!	1
"Love these pants. got them in yellow- gold color. pair them with retailer anafa tiered top which also has some yellow tones to it. goes lovely. good quality. important for me - the color is soft, not overly bright yellow, fabric is soft as well. great fit.!"	1
"A feminine yet mature looking cami. i did not need to wear a bra because the material is thick and stretchy (i am a 34a). it looks great with a pencil skirt as well as chino shorts. feels soft and comfy. can dress it up or down. i took a small and it fit perfectly  (l am 5'4"" 120lbs)."	1
"Ok, so by now, we know this is a cute top that is basically true to size but a little clingy. i prefer to wear it with a tank top or tee shirt underneath. it would also do well layered under something. for refernce, i am 5'7, about 120, and xs was the best fit.  but what i really wanted to mention is that i washed it in the machine on cold delicate and dried it on low, and it survived just fine!"	1
"This dress is beautiful - the pattern is pretty and the beading detail is stunning. i immediately received many compliments the first day i wore it. i do think it is a little short so i bought a size up (i also like loose fitting clothing) and i wore it with bare legs and boots and felt ok, will likely add leggings or tights as the weather gets cooler."	1
"This lovely number met all my expectations. ordered an xl, and glad i did. the fabric and styling has flattering drape and it can be dressed up or worn for a casual night out. if it was available in another classic color, or a subtle neutral pattern i'd probably purchase a second one (hint hint retailer)."	1
Perfect high rise jeans - just a little bit of stretch for comfort. the high waist doesn't roll down and no knicker cleavage when bending over. perfect to go with crop tops	1
I tried this on the other day at the local store in a size xs/s. although it's wool i didn't notice that is was itchy & usually wool bothers me. i am of small build but i did like the long & oversized look. i admit i am drawn to the print anyways. i noticed the right armhole was larger than the left so i tried on another xs/s - it was the same. probably the armholes will be smaller in the petite sizes. i decided to make other purchases but will order the petite xs/s in a few wks since the invent	1
Loved this sweater wrap and bought it in both colors. very light weight and i will get lots of use out of this. i wish retailer would have more pieces like this. a+	1
Absolutely amazing! a must staple in every one's closet this season. i purchased the dress in a medium for a more relaxed look/feel. the silhouette is comfortable and makes for the perfect put on	1
"I was very pleased with this purchase. lovely print, good fit, and silky fabric."	1
"I was looking for a dress that was short sleeved but not sleeveless. this fit my needs--not too short, nice v neck (but not deep), pretty embroidery overall i like the dress. here are a couple of downsides--i wore the dress with tights--and due to the nature of the fabric (cotton) there was no 'glide' and therefore it rode up with the tights. also, it's a bit wide int he mid section. i wanted an 'easy' and not tight/form fitting dress, but this does have almost too much fabric in the mid section"	1
"I got this in black and have no issue wearing a solid black bra under it. i felt it ran a little big. i'm a 34dd and usually have to wear a medium due to the ""girls"" but a small fit me and fit well. i didn't find it boxy and it fit me perfectly in the shoulders. i paid full price but i loved it so much i didn't mind. the sale price is amazing!"	1
"This is a richly detailed top that i bought to go with some nice skirts. the length hits right at the waist so it won't overlap a special skirt at the waist and create extra bulk. it is lined with a flesh colored mesh layer in the white color (you can see this layer in the photos but i wasn't sure if it was part of the piece or a camisole the model was wearing). however, it is still somewhat transparent so you would want to wear it with a flesh-colored bra or cami. overall, i am very happy with"	1
"I love this little number. the quality is terrific, the weight is perfect, and the cut is superb. i love the way it fits and looks in the arms. i ordered my usual xxsp and it is perfect. i like that it is cool and flowy, without looking like maternity attire. i have the bright turquoise and i am going to order another. i was about to order what looks like a yellow one, but i noticed the color is labeled ""chartreuse"". can anyone tell me if this is more yellow or green in ""real life""?"	1
This shirt is simply pretty. it's light and dresses up a distressed pair of jeans.	1
"I ordered this dress to wear for summer weddings this year. i am both surprised and excited that it fits.  i normally wear an 18, sometimes a 16. stores like retailer are a place i go to admire fun cloths, but not to actually shop. i was concerned that the xl was going to be a fake xl- this happens sometimes. a brand only makes clothing up to a 12, so they're xl is really a 12. but not so! i feel like the xl could fit a 16 - 20. the l would probably fit a 16 as well.  this dress fits in"	1
"This shirt totally exceeded my expectations -- the detail and colors are wonderful, and the shirt itself is quite comfortable. the shirt is a bit boxy, but there is enough structure and detail so that it looks quite flattering on. plus, it looks great with jeans or with a skirt -- it is very easy to style!"	1
The print is beautiful and the detail on the chest is so pretty. th fabric is a soft t-shirt martial. i ordered a medium and it fits like a large. it is supposed to be flowy and loose though. overall i feel beautiful in it. great for our hot humid charleston summers!	1
"Size 8 always, 36c and i have broad shoulders...i found this true to size. the colors pop more and there is a cleavage alert, just letting you girls know. this is very figure flattering, especially with my body frame, it accentuates the right spots."	1
"Its a beautiful print and design. the shirt overall is a little short but untucked it can work. i dont know why everybody is making these short square little tops. overall, i am intrigued with the whimsical print and i like that enough to overlook the length."	1
"I first bought this top in the dark grey, loved it so much that i ordered the navy too! the quality is amazing as always, and fit is perfect (some may say it runs large, but i'm pretty sure it is meant to have a looser fit). i love the material of the lighter color blocked back. it's so versatile and easy to throw on. i've worn it simply with jeans, and i've also paired it with a pencil skirt and overlapping skinny belt and heels for a great work outfit (received compliments!)."	1
This top is easy to dress up with a blazer or wear casually with jeans and trainers. so many nice details and a great fit!	1
"Very comfortable dress for fall and early winter. love the material and great to throw on to run errands in over the weekend, or could dress up with flats and sweater for work."	1
I just bought this jacket for my mom to take with her on a trip to europe. it is perfect! perfect packing piece that doesnt wrinkle and is a substantial enough weight to wear on chilly evenings. considering buying an additional one in my size...	1
"I saw the two star review and wanted to share my opinion. i saw this item that had been returned to a store and i love it. the fabric is a bit sheer and i think will require a nude tank underneath, but i think it's adorable. don't be scared away by the review below!"	1
"This dress set my heart a-flutter, but i had quite a time figuring out the sizing. i literally ordered six different sizes, and when i put them on, they all seemed to look like a very beautifully embroidered and elegant tent. if only i could just nip it in a tiny bit at the waist! then it would look like the model does! (i actually think they probably pinned the back of the dress to get it to fit on the model).  so i played around with it and ended up putting in 2 small darts in the front. and v"	1
"Love this shirt, very flattering fit on my pear shape. also accommodates my larger 32dd bust without straining on the buttons. ever so slightly sheer fabric, but no cami needed if wearing a nude bra."	1
This top caught my eye right away and i had to have it! i am obsessed with everything off the shoulder and this is a great transition piece to wear that off the shoulder look well into fall. i was expecting the fabric to be a little lighter and i did't realize there would be a ribbed texture to the fabric. the shirt is also very long and i feel as though it runs large. that being said it looks super cute on and i intend to style it just as shown in these pictures with zipper accented skinny jean	1
"This top is really nice and the fabric is more substantial than it looks in the photo. it has a great shape and is nicely made. i ordered an xs, which i nesrly always wear, but i measure 35"" in the bust and it fits well, but no extra room. i'm petite and it is not too oversized. really cute top and a great value."	1
"Ordered these pants in an xs (5'5, 110lbs) -- they fit well in the waist, but are quite long so i roll the waist band down once. they are super fun & funky - i mainly plan to wear them around my house so i don't mind rolling the waist band. if i were going to wear them out, i'd probably have to pair with heels as they are a few inches too long. light & airy material perfect for summer, & cute detail on the pocket seams too."	1
"I wanted a casual, denim colored skirt for warmer weather without the denim weight  and this skirt fit my needs perfectly.  i'm 5'4, 117lbs and the xs fits me true to size, hitting about 1 1/2 inches above the knee. it's a more modest length for daytime but it definitely needs a slip underneath. the raw edge is subtle (no hanging threads) and unique. i can't speak to the lack of colorfastness but i washed it separately and will be mindful of the possibility ."	1
"It's a casual dress with a luxurious feel. very flowy, but the back panel gives it a bit more structure. i like that it graces my body without showing any lumps. i will very much appreciate it on hot days! i'm anticipating a big of headache when ironing it, but i appreciate that it's not dry clean only. i'm on the shorter side of average height and it hits me mid-thigh."	1
"Cute top. agree with other reviewer that it is really nice in person. the colors are rich and the embroidery is beautiful. it is a very full swing top, but be aware that the sides are a few inches shorter than the front and back. this isn't evident in the photo shown. i usually wear a sm in retailer tops, and the small looks larger on me than how it fits on the model, in fullness and especially in the arms. it's still cute enough to keep, but i personally probably could have gone down a size."	1
"With my 5'9', hourglass frame, wider hips and having a baby, i wear normally sizes 10/12 (m/l) in most retailer skirts and dresses. however, with this, i was able to fit into an 8; it just sat higher up and was too form fitting for my liking. here are my thoughts: _________ pros: - lots of stretch and comfort. - pockets! always a plus in my book :) - will go with any top. - nice length. fit me as in the model. - very slimming. - you could probably go down a size if you are slender with not wide hi"	1
"This skirt is really beautiful but i agree with the other reviewers; it runs very small. i'm typically an 8 or 10. if i get a 10, there is usually a bit of room in the item. i decided to get a 10 in this skirt, just in case. i got it zipped but would have trouble breathing as the evening wore on. the pockets are wonderful and the fabric is weighty and really lovely."	1
These pants are great. the pattern is beautiful and the fit is perfect. they pair well with a s front tucked shirt or fitted colwyn neck sweater. another great find from retailer!	1
"I bought this top in white and my usual size large based on other reviews.  the sleeves are wonderfully long enough for this tall girl, which means that they are likely very long on shorter gals.  i love the style of this t.  the white is slightly see through, but with a nude color bra works ok. i do wish that it didn't cut up so high on the sides.  this probably isn't an issue with shorter people, but i need to wear something under it to avoid showing skin.  i've tried a white camisole under an"	1
"I love this skirt. i normally wear a medium or large, depending on cut, and i bought this in a medium. very stretchy and forgiving! it's lined so it feels substantial but not too heavy. it's flattering!"	1
"This is one great button up shirt ! the fringe hem is a fun little detail that gives this shirt some serious versatility. it looks great layered under jackets and sweaters, with a came underneath, or all on its own. the fabric could be a bit thicker. i am between a small and a medium ( a 6 or an 8), and bought this in a small."	1
"One of the things i love most about this dress is that the straps are adjustable. you can tie them as loose or tight as you like. like other reviewers mentioned, the color of this dress is vibrant and the fringe at the bottom is the perfect detail retailer is famous for doing! i am 5'5 105 lbs and lately all of the dresses i have been buying at retailer have been xsp. i have never worn petites before, so i don't know if retailer is just making their dresses a little bigger, but i definitely have neede"	1
"This top is beautiful, the lace is sturdy and intricate and the top drapes perfectly, slimming. but, a word to the wise, the lace does not stretch at all even though the rest of the material does and that coupled with where it is on the bust and back means very limited movement unless you are a size 0 with an narrow back/chest and shoulders. i can't imagine anyone with a cup size larger than a b wearing this. i am 5'5"", 145 lbs and a 34b and always a small or medium and a size 6 for reference. i"	1
"This sweater is absolutely lovely. i bought it in the sky color which is so pretty, the picture just doesn't do it justice! the yarn is super soft and it seems as though it will be plenty warm this winter. i also love the retro 70's look. a definite keeper."	1
I like this top and agree that it does run large. i find the fabric to be somewhat heavy which i consider a good thing as it will hang nicely and do a good job of hiding *imperfections*. it does have a pleat in the back which is not so apparent in the photo here. i love the neckline... a slight bit of a *v* neck.	1
I love this pullover. i felt it was a little wide at the bottom but i received lots of compliments on it. i ordered a large because i did not want it tight around the bust (i wear a 36j bra) and biceps but i think i would have been fine in a medium.	1
"I am a 6p (5'2"") and got this in a regular small as it did not seem to come petite.  my tailor is taking 5 inches off the bottom as the lower portions (it is an uneven hem) are ankle length.  black watch tartan is one of my favorites - so had to get this dress!  i would say it fits tts.  it is on my shoulders and the sleeves are bracelet length; i have a little extra material around the waist.  the dress zippers up the size and there is an elastic section at the small of the back.  i find th"	1
"Love, love, love this sweater. it is so comfy and well made. this is a piece i will have for a very long time. the beautiful lace detail are the sleeves are to die for. picture doesn't do this sweater justice."	1
"This was was a great buy! i got in on sale and the quality is really excellent. the material is thick and stretchy. there is a spanx like liner which is really nice as well for smoothing out the bumps. the dress style and cut is very slimming. i am more a size 14 (at 5'10"") and the 12 fit well. i agree with the other reviewer regarding the twisted shoulder. it doesn't lay on me either like it does on the model, but it doesn't detract from the dress so its a keeper given the other positives."	1
"A great sweater to throw over just about anything. i love it, but the only reason i couldn't give it 5 stars is because you must be very carful with it, as it can snag on anything. the fabric is similar to intertwined ribbons. the first time i put it on i got a snag right away, but it was easily pulled trough to the inside. now i am just super cautious. i do love it though. very comfortable and super casual. not heavy at all, but just enough to be happy to have to throw on when the cool spring/s"	1
I have been eyeing these jeans the last few times i have been in retailer shopping but did not really need another expensive pair of jeans. today i finally gave in and tried them on. i fell in love and bought them. i sized down one size. they are so darn cute!! i ended up also buying the pilcro em jeans too. loving pilcro' new cuts and styles lately. the embroidery on these jeans is unique and they are really flattering. already planning to wear them out to lunch with friends tomorrow. highly reco	1
I bought these pants to wear while riding on the back of my husbands motorcycle. i wanted something that was more chic than typical motorcycle women's clothing and these were perfect. they block the wind but are stretchy on the back side so they are super comfortable to wear all day. i also wear these to work on fridays! i bought a size 28 and they fit great. i usually wear a 6 in us sizing.	1
Women who want some flutter without too much fullness	1
"I'm 5'2 & the length is fine except i'd probably hem if i used for yoga/pilates. but i prefer cropped for those activities, so these are just knock a round lounge pants for me. they are thin, but not in a cheap way. i don't understand why they're called french terry became that's not what i see/feel; but they are sumptuous & soft. i like that the fold over waist part is stitched & keeps its shape. for size reference, , i got the black xxs- i'm 115 lbs, athletic apple & they fit/look great & clin"	1
"Omg i am absolutely in love with this dress, i saw it on line and knew immediately that i had to have it! i decided to go into the store to try it and it looks even better on than it did on the website. the a-line shape is very flattering and the retro pattern and colors are amazing! the only down side if there even is on is that it is a little tight across the chest but i am a 36ddd so sometimes that happens, i just took a large rather than my usual medium. other than that, this dress is my fav"	1
I love this stylish sweater. i ordered black. it is very soft and comfortable. i wear it with snaps open or closed. looks great either way.	1
"I was a little concerned ordering these online without seeing them in person but they do not disappoint! the fabric has a little texture to it that makes them look and feel like a high quality pant. the design is unique and provides visual appeal, and i still feel like i can wear them in my office without looking out of place. i love the high waist on these!"	1
"Unique and stylish dress, looks much better on than in the pictures."	1
I am usually an xs but ordered an xxs in this because it looked like it ran large. glad i did. it's still roomy but doesn't look too big. could be a swim cover-up or would look cute with jeans. very pleased.	1
"If you happen to get a size that fits you, you will love these leggings. they are true to size when the quality control works. i got 2 pair, both in size 28 - one fits perfectly and the other fits like my mothers high waisted jeans! the material is very soft and comfortable. also, not sure who named these colors, but the grey is really light purple and the dark grey is dark purple."	1
"Love this jacket! really wish it came in real leather as well but can't beat this price point. great cut, fit. and love that the zipper is black. looks like it is worn in leather, most peoppe can't tell that it's vegan!"	1
"Adorable & unique swtr & wld go w/ many things. note that 1 front pocket is slightly higher than the other. looks that way in the pic too. it's the ""retailer unique touch"". i don't mind abt that. it's too itchy for me. i ordered the sp to have shorter arms-fell just above my knuckles which is fine. i have many t-necks to wear under it but i decided i really didn't need another itchy swtr, so returned. no worry, retailer has plenty of other items of interest!"	1
"I'm glad i tried this on. i was drawn to the burgundy and pink floral print, but i wasn't so sure about the cut or style of the top. once it was on, however, i loved it. i don't much care for the a-line tops that remind me of maternity wear. they're cute on rail-thin, young girls, but not so much on mom-bod women in their 40s. this top is the exception. the details from the buttons to the thin pleats, the unique cut of the bust-line and the print make this top both lovely and flattering. i wore"	1
"This tank top is comfortable and very cute. it hides my tummy, as well, which is a bonus! ordered in another color i love it so much"	1
This top caught my eye in the store due to the beautiful print and lovely fabric. the photo really doesn't do it justice. i happened to have on a pencil skirt when i tried it on and the top looked great with my skirt though i will probably wear it more often with jeans or pants. it's a stunner!	1
Gorgeous top! very beautiful and easy. can be dressed up for work or just worn with a pair of jeans. note the fabric is semi sheer so a nude bra or cami is a must with this but it's going to be fantastic for summer!	1
"Love the pleating on this top. looks great with my white jeans. it's lightweight and has a slight sheerness."	1
Very cute! waist is a little big for me but overall a pretty good fit.	1
I love this top and it's so pretty in person.  knew it would be full but was hoping it wouldn't be too big.  it's perfect and looks good with jeans.	1
"Nice loose-fitting dress to wear in the summer and to transition into the fall. i had no problem with the slip being too tight. 5'3'', 118lbs, and went with my normal size 2. it was loose through the body but sizing down would have made the dress too tight on my shoulders. it's great with boots or flats!"	1
I really like this top. it's super cute - perfect for a football game or fairly casual event. the material is ribbed and is thick enough that you can't see through. i purchased this top in red and initially in petite but ended up returning it for the regular size. i love this top!	1
"I love this little vest! such an easy outfit completer. just throw it on over jeans and a tank or long sleeves and voila...effortlessly chic! the colors pop and it's the perfect length. if you're on the fence with this one, definitely give it a try. you won't be disappointed!"	1
I ordered this after reading the stellar reviews and i was not disappointed! i ordered the black and purple floral motif and both are excellent. i have a rather big chest (36dd) and the shelf bra and halter support are just enough for me. look forward to wearing this on my upcoming vacation!	1
I have worn this dress twice and it is amazing. the material feels heavy and drapey but i still feel nice and cool in it. i always have several people asking me where i bought it when i wear it. i am 5'1 130 lbs and 34 d. i bought a small petite and it fit perfectly. i love this dress and would highly recommend it to anyone. definitely one of the best things i've ever bought from retailer.	1
"Amazing style, great fabric and a dress for all occasions. bought the black and love it!"	1
"Corduroy fabric is historically difficult to fit well....even with stretch added. so imagine my surprise when i tried on the pilcro serif mid-rise corduroy pants in the saffron yellow shade and they fit great! they were long enough as well. i loved them so much that i ordered the aqua shade as well and when that pair arrived, it fit just a nicely as the yellow ones. how wonderful that there is finally a corduroy pant that truly fits well. these are not old lady pants either...how nice!"	1
I am loving these. they are quite long but are prefect to wear with pj shorts or leggings. very soft and cozy.	1
"I purchased these pants on-line in my usual size petite 4 and they were a perfect fit for me. i have a 27"" waist, 35"" hips and i'm 5'4"" and found them to be a little long but not so much that i want to hem them as i'll be wearing these with my clogs and platforms anyway. if i want to be able to wear them with flats, i'll need to hem them but i bought them to go with my higher shoes so it's no bother. these are very slimming pants and zip up at the back. they are a tad difficult to zip up but not"	1
"Has anyone tried to hand wash this dress instead of dryclean? runs a little large. i am 5'5 135# 34dd and purchased xs. i was really surprised that xs fits well. i initially tried small but the armholes were too big. the waist is a little too high but i plan to wear it with a belt."	1
I've been a fan of the pilcro chinos for years but the jeans have not been the right fit for me - usually wind up too big in the waist to accommodate the hips. well the em is aptly named as they are made to fit a girl! ! i usually wear a 29 and the 29 fit comfortably and i could probably even go down a size. thank you retailer - please make more in this style!	1
"This is an adorable top. sweet back detail, thin material but soft. the top is two sizes too big, i'm normally a large and a small fits. i know it is supposed to be baggy but the large was inches too big under each arm. size down and petite ladies will be sized out. love this though."	1
Very flattering suit. embroidery is unique and the cut flatters.	1
This is one of my favorite retailer dresses of all time. it is soo much better in person and on than the stock photos. very romantic and fun.	1
"I love this brand! they produced a number of incredibly cute blouses in 2006-2010 and i've missed their quirky designs. this shirt does not run small. i am usually a 6 and have a little extra room in the chest area, even though i'm a 34dd. the arms are the perfect length as well which is nice as i have long arms. the only reason i did not give it five stars is that i wish it was a bit more fitted through the stomach area. its very billowy. i may take it to the tailor... so cute though! on a side"	1
"I purchased the white in the store in a size 6. 34d. i ordered the black online in a 6 and the lining was a bit snug. (i can maybe remove the black lining) however, i really like how the peplum looks. the v neck and bra friendly design are a perfect marriage. i see wearing these through the fall with a denim jacket or cardigan. for now i am enjoying how floaty and feminine i feel. i think this is a perfect top for women with a larger chest as it gives a nice shape but doesn't look maternity or b"	1
"Love, love, love this top. i want to wear it every day! not only is it striped, which is super chic, but also, the peplum hits lower so it really accentuates your waistline (in a good way!). plus, its soft, like so many wonderul bordeaux tops are. i wish they had this is solid colors because i'd buy them all. for reference, i bounce between an xs and s at retailer, more along the lines of s...and i got the xs in this and it still has room (5'7, 135 lbs, 34a/b chest)."	1
"This very lightweight and semi-sheer dress fits like a midi dress on my height. the back hem ends low calf and the front hem is below knee. straps are adjustable and bodice edge is elasticized. the print is pretty and can pair with any sweater or jacket or jewelry or shoes that hits your fancy. my concern is regarding the 100% rayon fabric and how it will hold up after cleaning as all of my 100% rayon clothing from *random fast fashion retailer* does not last long. i'm 5'3"" 140# 39-28-35 and hap"	1
"This top is comfortable and pretty plus, i like the extra length in the sleeves. it is very lightweight and i'm cold natured so, i wear a bra top tankini underneath for warmth."	1
This dress is comfortable and cute. i wear xs and this is true to size. the only thing i don't like is the neckline. it is very low cut. will have to wear a cami underneath.	1
"This shirt is so pretty and casual however with a nice scarf, it can also be worn to a nicer restaurant. it also hides all my flaws. the only concern i have is, it's a bit thin material and not sure how long it will last. having said that, i love how the material looks and falls on my body. i love it so much i bought a white shirt as well as the lavender."	1
"After promising myself never to buy another a-line skirt that makes me look shorter, i caved in because this one is so cute. the material is soft but holds its shape. you do have to have a long narrow waist line to pull this one off and size up one as i'm usually a 2, but took a 4 in this beauty. vintage perfection. pair with turtleneck or form fitting sweater or tee and clogs or heeled tall boots. it's a must!"	1
I love every other byron lars dress i've bought and this was a no brainer for me. when it arrived i was really disappointed. the fabric is very stretchy which makes it super forgiving and very thick. with all the buttons planted on this dress i was expecting it to open easily from the front as one of my other dresses by his does. nope. only the back buttons open. thick stretchy fabric and back buttons...not an easy thing to navigate. i was also very sad to see that the length was all wrong for m	1
"This dress is so pretty in person. the colors are great - the blue and green and just beautiful in person. the fit is tts. i happen to have a blue belt and could style it just as the model has, but really it doesn't need it. it is super flattering even without a belt. i am just a hair shy of 5'5"", and i cannot wear flats or it would drag the floor. but adding a 2 1/2"" wedge is perfect to keep it off the floor (no hemming needed). i don't usually pay full price, but i am glad i did in this case."	1
These are very stylish. if you are short they are a little baggy at the bottom. they are a bit over-priced. i bought them before they went on sale. good quality and feel light and airy.	1
"This pants look pretty much exactly like the picture except these will wrinkle really easily so there is no way they will ever appear as wrinkle free as the pic.  i found the color to be exactly as seen online so i am not sure why others didn't. the material is really light weight so i think these will work well for spring.  overall cute especially for the price. if not on sale, i would not have bought them but the sale price makes these pants awesome."	1
"I had the pleasure of trying this on today and looooooove it. i love all things bows, but usually they are off-centered over the left shoulder. i have a bit of an ocd thing, and i prefer things to be over my right shoulder so usually while i love them, i can't wear them. i love that this bow is in the middle-and i like that it is higher than the neckline of the shirt so you know there is some skin underneath. it adds to the sexiness of the blouse while also creating a more pleasing look. i feel"	1
"Very feminine and romantic blouse, i love it. it runs small as other reviewer said. i had to go 3 size up, as i want to wear a cami under it. the fabric is soft and sheer. the design emphasizes the nature curve of a woman's body, in a good way. back is longer than the front part. if you like romantic, floral prints and soft fabric, this one is a winner,"	1
"I fell in love with this online and i'm so thrilled that it's even more beautiful in person. it is a stunning, very dark teal velvet with the most gorgeous embroidery. perfect fit, quality, and nicely lined. a keeper for years to come! i think it's true to size (for reference i'm 5'1, 100 lbs and the 0p fits perfectly)"	1
"I love this dress. colors are great, but a little tight in the chest and arms. i am 5' 8"" and usually wear a size 6. i bought the medium because i like a little looser fit on top. the arm holes are a little large which makes reaching up for things awkward."	1
"Oh my god - i love this skirt. i first order the size 4 and immediately called customer service and had them send me a 2. i found it be be both plenty stretchy (great for moving, sitting, etc) but runs on the large size. but the fit is amazing. i love the length - a perfect knee-skimmer for me (5'9""). i love the color (green) and the pockets and button fly are so fun without being too much! i've tried it on with several tops and sweaters in my closet and this skirt is going to be one that i can"	1
"Had to have these when i saw them online. usually an ag girl, but loved the button fly and boyfriend fit. originally ordered a 28 and returned for a 27. after a couple of wears, wish i bought the 26. a must have!"	1
"Such a cute skirt! the fabric is comfortable and light, and the the tie in the front helps conceal some of those ""tummy issues"" a lot of people want to hide. :)"	1
"This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work, to a bbq, or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model."	1
"I'm a huge maeve enthusiast. tried this on in three different colors, and although these types of maeve tops have had sizing differences from season to season, this top is more true-to-size than others have been more recently. the petite size for me was too short to tuck in, but the regular worked perfectly. the top is roomy, flowy, and the white version is sheer, but a white tank under it would be perfect. the green umbrellas are adorable! a great way to spruce up your wardrobe for spring!"	1
Love this tee. it has a drapery cut which i love. the only thing i found was that it ran a bit smaller.	1
Love this skirt ! i thought it would be much shorter but when i tried it on it was the perfect length and super cute!! the material is thick but not uncomfortable and very move able!	1
"Could not resist the fit and detail on this piece - couldn't wait for it to go on sale. the material is so soft and comfortable. it's ""just"" a black sweater - but the neckline and back details make it unique! thought i would need a large but the medium fit fine. 5'7"" 147 lbs"	1
"Love these pants! thank you retailer for making ""tall"" really tall! i am 6 feet and have to wear heals keep the pants from dragging- love it! i got the black- not 'shear.' they run just a tad small. i am a 4/6 in pants and the 6t just fit me.  i wear with a tank for casual, beach look; colorful silk top for a dressier look- very versatile.   i just may have to buy this in the green. (i would get the white, but some reviews say they are pretty shear."	1
"I love this tee shirt. i love the higher neckline and the feminine and subtle ruffle at the bottom. it is my favorite tee by far! i am buying my second round of it now. i have one in coral, light blue and i am ordering more. the only down side is that both of my current shirts developed holes veyr quickly.; one on the shoulder and the other in the usual belly area that comes from the granite counter and jeans top button. there is no excuse for the shoulder holes in my mind...but i love the look"	1
"This skirt fits me like a glove, you must get the matching top and orange jacket that makes the whole outfit high fashion fun chic. i am 5' 8"" and 145 full figured and imlove this out fit. very cozy too."	1
"This tank is well made and the top part is doubled (partially) so you can get away without wearing a bra (if you wish). i'm 5'1 and tried on the standard xs in store because xxs was not available. it was a little bit longer on me than on the model pictured. the pin-tucked area fit well, not too tight or loose and the bottom part was flowy which i don't mind. i expect this top to shrink in the wash a tad which would make it perfect for me. i opted for the white vs. the black because i love the pi"	1
Cute but classy top because of the embroidery at the bottom!	1
"I'm upset because for the price of the dress, i thought it was embroidered! no, that is a print on the fabric. i think i cried a little when i opened the box. it is still ver pretty. i would say it is true to size, it is a tad bit big on me, but i am very tiny, but i can still get away with it. the color is vibrant. the style is unique. skirt portion is pretty poofy. i keep going back and forth on it mainly because of the price, although the quality is definitely there. except i wish it were emb"	1
I just got this sweater and it really is a great fall weight. i disagree with other reviewers that it is oversized and that the sleeves are long. i found the sleeves to be just right and it to fit normally. i almost wish i got a medium just so it would be a little baggier and the sleeves would be a little longer. i got the green and am really happy with the color.	1
"Definitely size up...possibly two sizes. i can often wear an xs and the s is skin tight on me. other than that, it's a nice neutral piece."	1
"These pilcro jeans are so very cute. i usually wait for a sale to purchase the pilco jeans, but i didn't want to chance them not being available in my size. the pilco jeans seems to sell out fast. the cotton material is very soft but not sloppy. you will love the embroidery down the side of the leg. they do run a bit big. i purchased them in one size smaller for a slimmer fit. i would suggest one size up if you like them more baggy."	1
"I saw this romper online and knew i needed it as i love flannels and i love rompers. it's super comfy. i bought with the intention of wearing it out, not just around the house. i think in the fall it will be cute with high socks and boots but as i just got it, i've been opting for tights. lots of compliments so far. i got a small because i didn't want it to be too short, it fits well."	1
"I originally purchased this dress in a petite 6. i am 5'3"", 125lbs with a 36"" bust. the petite 6 was a bit too tight so i returned it and went up to a size 8. so happy i did! this dress drapes and flows beautifully and i find it immensely flattering to my hourglass figure. i also adore the floral print! one reviewer objected to the way the bodice drapes and the very small hook closure which seemed insufficient. i did not object to this characteristic. it fit me beautifully throughout the bodice/"	1
"I think this sweater is well executed for what it is--a chunky knit trapeze sweater. i agree with another reviewer that i would ignore this product online, but it caught my eye in person. there was only one of the pink sweaters left in store. the interwoven peachy, heathery color is sweet and flattering. since i'm 5'1"", i ordered had the petite version to try. hope it works out 'cuz i'm eager to own something relaxed and cozy that's actually flattering and isn't a sweatshirt."	1
Great spring colors that you really can wear just about any time of year with the right foot wear! the fabric is a fluid jersey that drapes well. the neck line is a substantial scoop which is very flattering. i am very happy with this online purchase!	1
"I ordered this in xl and the fit on me matches the fit on the model. it's meant to be loose & flowy so i think it's true to size. everything matches the photos--the sleeve length, hem, neckline, etc. it's not a slimming look but doesn't make me look bigger than i am either.  the material is a very soft cotton. the pattern of the lace on the top portion is very pretty. there are sequins mixed with the embroidery on the sleeves. the thread they used for those cutout areas is soft. it's washed well"	1
"I purchased this sweater at my local retailer store a few weeks ago. i picked the dark grey color which is more of a neutral beige or oatmeal color. i love it! i just wish i had purchased it earlier to wear through the fall. it has a substantial weight and is warm. this sweater/poncho has a great drape that is really flattering, especially in the back. it does have slits on the sides so you really would need to wear a layer underneath. i've worn it with a turtleneck and button-ups and it looks rea"	1
"I ordered this in the china pattern color, and the colors are vibrant and beautiful! the suit is well made and slimming. there are no bra cups; just a shelf bra, but the tie halter adds some extra support. i have trouble buying bathing suits, but i am very happy with this one."	1
Perfect spring transition piece-- saffron yellow but medium weight and breathable. this color is in for spring and the perfect blend for a not too warm cover up!	1
"This cute top fits great. it's got a nice fit on arms, shoulders, and bust, then flares out a bit to give ease to the tummy area. the back has a cute button trim and solid blue inset. cute top!"	1
"This top looks so much better on than it does in the pictures! very flattering cut and the fabric is amazingly comfortable. runs true to size, i got my normal xs."	1
This vest is the best!! even though it has no sleeves it truly keeps you warm. it feels like you're wearing a soft blanket around you. it is my favorite!	1
This sweater runs oversized; very soft and comfortable and colors are spot on for fall. love the sleeve length.	1
"Agree with other contributer - this is a great piece to snag on sale. i bought this 2 months post partum with the intention of hiding the post baby belly - which is does well! i think it fits true to size (i'm typically l and this l fit well). i can see how certain body types it would look maternity, but i'm short and curvy and the blouse is flattering. it's lightweight, so i plan to add a cardigan in the fall/winter."	1
"Wonderfully soft fabric and gorgeous pattern. the background color is a more standard gray than shows in the on-line photo (which looks more pinkish gray on my screen), but it's just lovely -- looks perfect with jeans or a skirt. i will be wearing this a lot this fall, and will keep a lookout for additional patterns!"	1
"The coral is stunning. the shirt has a slight flare at the bottom that you can't see in the picture, it isn't a straight cut. the sewn edges are rough style making the shirt right for casual wear with jeans, or dressing down something fancier."	1
"These pants are great. i am 5'6"" and 133lbs. i normally wear medium for athletic bottoms. medium fits well except knee pit area. maybe because they are not very stretching fabric. however, they are still flattering. the material was thick enough and their print hides underwear lines."	1
"Totally out of my style range but am totally enamored by this tent dress/shirt/coat thing! ok, so yes it's very very tenty, but fits on my shoulders (size down 1x or 2x if you're narrow shouldered) and i use one of my leather belts to gather the material and make myself a nice western fit & flare! like the model shots, this looks great with a tee and skinnies. if you have tried the marvelous silk santee swing dress, the escalante has the same amount of fabric that reviewer either love or hate. i"	1
I love this dress! it is equally pretty in person too. sometimes i will order things and when i get them the colors are totally different than what i anticipated. not with this dress. i love it and will get a lot of use out of it over the spring/summer.	1
"I love this romper. it's really flattering and well made. at most stores, i wear a medium but normally at retailer i wear a small. i had to exchange the small for a medium, but other than i really loved it!"	1
"I bought this dress for its green color and flowy design to wear at an irish fest held in the hot summer. it's perfect! being of irish descent with red hair and fair skin, i love all shades of green, and this green dress is no exception. the color is lovely and eye-catching and cool. as to the sizing, i usually wear a size 8, but to make sure due to the design, i ordered an 8 and a 6. there wasn't a great difference between the two dresses, but the size 6 top was a bit more fitted and looked bet"	1
"I am a lover of jackets and coats; this is my new fave!  great color, versatile (i.e. work, weekend). fun accent piece to shield yourself from a brisk wind, while maintaining full fashion status.  my first day wearing and i've rec'd many compliments. love the combo of trench coat and poncho. my one issue...i wish the sleeve strap actually buckled, it keeps slipping out of the faux buckle and i'm afraid i'm going to lose it. i usually wear a medium/size 10, but medium was sold out, so i ordered"	1
"I love the weight of this dress, the mod color blocking, the pockets, the detail down the side of the skirt, the cable knit, everything! i wear it with a caramel cardigan and brown booties, it's perfect. it's a sin to pass it up, especially for this price."	1
"I recommend this dress for women wth a small bust. this is an absolutely gorgeous dress, but it runs very small through the bodice and is almost empire waisted. if you remember the coral dress from spring by the same designer, it fits the same but this one has a tiered skirt. so sad- i love this dress-the colors and design are beautiful."	1
"I was in trouble when i saw this dress in the new arrivals section this month! it's one of those dresses i had to have for the holidays. i didn't want to risk it not fitting so i ordered my usual size 6 and also a size up, 8. (5'6"", 135lbs, size 6) well the 6 was entirely to tight, i couldn't even zip past my rib cage. the 8 went on, but it was very body con looking! hugged every curve! this might be the look some might be going for, but not me!! i'm so disappointed that i can't have the dress f"	1
"Just tried 'layered sadie top' and it felt so nice on. good hand feel for both materials but note that the knit on top is a little too delicate for machine wash but can be hand washed. this item is definitely ""vanity-sized"". i'm 5'1, 113lbs and the xs looked nothing like how it does on the model. it was flowy as depicted but it came down much lower on me and looked a little maternity-esque. highly recommend because it's gorgeous and well made but i would definitely come in and try it out for you"	1
"I tried these on at my local retailer, and was like, no way am i spending almost $300 on a pair of jeans. alas, i could not stop thinking about them. the pictures really don't do them justice. they are a more substantial jean, have a distressed look, without being fragile. and yet they are so soft, so comfortable, you really just don't want to take them off. they do have a bit of stretch, but hold their shape all day long. the length and taper are perfect, in that you can wear them with boots, san"	1
"Love tracy reese finds at retailer! first day wearing this skirt and have already received a number of compliments! not a typical material i would buy clothing wise, but it's really comfortable and not clingy as i thought it may be. i appreciate the built in slip for some extra substance as well"	1
A scandalous mini skirt that isn't a skirt! beautiful pattern. does run a little big.	1
"I purchased the floral patterned version and get complimented every time i wear it. i found it to be pretty true to size, even after washing. it's a little sheer, so you'd definitely want to wear a camisole underneath for work. it's a great top for spring/summer!"	1
"This is the most beautiful and flattering skirt. it was a bit of an investment piece for me in that i just graduated from college, but i love that this skirt can be worn year round. it is more fitted at the top and then flows out at the bottom, making it super flattering. pictures do not do it justice!"	1
"I was a little bit afraid to purchase this because of the price, but i am so glad i did because this is a gorgeous swimsuit. the quality is amazing, and the colors are exactly as pictured. i have a small-ish frame with a big bust, and this style keeps my figure very flattering without making my chest look too big or heavy."	1
"I love these shorts. love that the inseam is longer than 3"". the pattern is awesome, perfect for spring. my thighs are always going to be bigger than most, so i sized up 1 size like i do in all cartonnier pants. these are a must have for spring/summer!"	1
"I don't have anything but raves here.  this is a perfectly proportioned jumpsuit of high quality fabric in a neutral color (which is like a denim looking blue color with a beige starburst pattern, much, much nicer in person than in the product photo and has a really neat slightly nubby texture that adds interest).  it's easy to get in and out of.  the back of the waistband is elastic and stretches, so the only thing you have to do is tie the back, which is really easy.  the top (as someone menti"	1
"I really love the look and feel of this top, perhaps this was mentioned in previous reviews, but it is unlined, which i hadn't realized when i ordered it. so the eyelet details are will expose skin unless you wear a cami underneath."	1
"This blouse drapes nicely. the 8 in the store was too big which is not what i usually find with maeve. i wear a 6 or small in most blouses. i ordered the 6 and it was still too big, so i hope the 4 will work."	1
"Lovely holiday blouse, flows at the bottom but doesn't bell out like some tunic blouses. the arms aren't cut in to much and i found that flattering to my shoulders the velvet and trim is strong and solid while the bottom half has a sweet little polka dot finish. charming and romantic."	1
"I actually saw this dress on an associate and didn't like it. but as i was trying on other things, i saw my size hanging on a rack in the dressing room and thought - why not, just try it. glad i did! it is so flattering on and you can dress it up or down it's so versatile. i received so many compliments when i wore this, glad i gave it a try!"	1
"Loving the ombrã© color combination, the smooth lining, the fuzzy felty warmth and the slimming effect when viewed from the front. if you are busty or hourglass, stay tts or size up. if you are straight and/or small busted, size down. if you have a round bottom but slender on top, i'm not sure this dress will fit the way you want, do try it on in person."	1
"This is the perfect summer dress. it can be dressed up or down. the quality of the linen fabric is very nice. i'm 5'1"" and it hit right below my knees. i found it to run true to size. those with a smaller bust might want to go down a size, but the tie in the front can be adjusted. it's lovely."	1
I decided to order both the black & sand colors in the m/l. very soft & fit is perfect. has adjustable straps. wore under my racerback tank today for my usual walk. the bra & straps were not exposed. it did not rub or irritate at all. it will work well under other tops i have & some dresses that are racerback style. i have other racerback bras but they just haven't worked out - either too uncomfortable or the straps show anyways. this one is perfect! it's soft & lightweight. it has some moderate	1
"Bought this size small and orange. needed something to where home, beautiful, comfortable, light and airy, paired it with retailer's manella stack pendant necklace, even better. received alot of compliments, the color stood out."	1
"I agree with other reviews, soft, cozy and love the embroidery and beading. it is a bit wrinkly even after i ironed it but overall happy with this blouse."	1
"This is a nice sleeveless button down, the bee design is really fun, but the colors make this more stylish than i would have thought. i tried it on with a pair of white shorts, with a half tuck, and it looked great. i can also see it paired with trousers or flared jeans. nice addition. i purchased the 0 (or xs?) my usual size, in regular length, and it was fine. the stylist also showed me how to tied it in the front to wear with high waisted pants. i am 115 lbs for reference and 30 dd."	1
"This swimsuit fits exactly as i had hoped. i purchased it in the teal dot and it is a little brighter than in the photos, but i ended up liking that better. it is well made with thick (but not too thick) lined material. also, i was initially worried that the deep v-neck may be too deep for my liking, but once i had it on,it looked classic and not showy. i love the suit."	1
"These are great overalls - cute design but wish they came in petite! the big/straps were a little too big for me, so i had to return, but i probably could have had them tailored."	1
"I just adore this top! it is so comfy and stylish. i wear it with a little purple cardigan and feel like an iris in bloom. like other reviewers have mentioned though, the straps are way too long. i had to cut them down and re-sew to make it wearable. before that it just slouched in front and looked sloppy and awful. i tried layering under it, which looked absurd."	1
"Fits just like on the model, even though im 5'4''. really happy with this casual summer find."	1
"I love anna sui's lines makeup to everything. this dress is beautiful in a very usual sort of way and after trying it on, i couldn't see anything spectacular that made it unique or special somehow. the elastic waist does make this dress forgiving and it runs big. the hem is lovely scalloped. each detail is very nice in and of itself but when put together in this dress, there is no wow that justifies the full price tag. now that it's on sale i'll keep it probably for summer."	1
"These are absolutely fantastic! i love them! i stopped wearing pants about 4 years ago. i could never find any that would fit over my thighs/hips that weren't too loose on my waist. took a chance with these after looking at the measurements and they fit perfect. higher waist than i'm used (sits just above my natural waistline) to with any of my skirts, but i'll get used to it. they're also too long to wear with any flats. being that i bought them for winter, i'll be perfectly fine with heeled bo"	1
These jeans are very comfortable with a higher waist than average jeans. the material is soft and seems to be quality. the are also stretchy which makes wearing them for long amounts of time very comfortable! i ordered a size 28 and they fit great! i normally wear a 6.	1
I love this top because it is light weight (a must in southern heat). i have a shorter torso so the length didn't bother me but someone with a longer torso may find this top too short.	1
"Great style and cut, love the deep v. the fabric is soft and its very comfortable. it gives some support. i don't wear it with light blouses or shirts, unless i'm hanging around the house. i have this is pink and black."	1
"This is a very loose fitting style jacket. if you like your jackets oversized, get your regular size. if you prefer the slightly loose (but not baggy) fit like the product photo, size down. as noted by another reviewer, the sleeves are incredibly long. i would say if you are a typical size 0 or 2 (unless you like the oversized fit), you are likely sized out of this jacket. it's a shame, because the quality is great and the windowpane print is beautiful. i'm sadly sized out."	1
"Nice top. armholes are a bit oversized but as an older woman, i'm picky about that. the print is pretty and unusual. it just didn't look great on me. there's a slight peplum in the back that hangs nicely. it's a lightweight tee fabric that's opaque. i tried it on with a black bra which was barely visible. great for warmer climates but there are so many gorgeous tops out now, that i decided to return since summer is winding down. i do recommend."	1
"Surprisingly, this poncho is both flattering and soft. i must say i didn't think the fabric would be as soft, since a lot of knits have wool, but this is great.  i purchased both xs/s and xs/s p. the petite was just slightly more fitted, so i went with that. i love the boat neck, on me, it gives the poncho an elegant look. colors are nice and neutral.i  think i will wear this with dresses and jeans, both. great purchase. (115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist)"	1
"Beautiful top, but delicate! i wore it to school and the straps on my backpack caused some pilling. other than that it is beautiful and vibrant! just make sure you aren't doing/wearing anything that will rub it continuously since the fabric is delicate"	1
This kimono is gorgeous and i've gotten many compliments. it looks good with a t-shirt and jeans or with something dressier. i love it.	1
I love this sweater coat;! it's so nice and fits well. would look great with jeans or a skirt. the collar is adorable! have already worn it and received compliments! i love retailer :)!!	1
"Love, love, love this dress. it is very slimming. it hugs you without really touching you. leaving the tie and a few buttons open gives it more of a casual feel."	1
"I fell in love with this top online. i am obsessed with the little flounce detail on the sleeve and the slight a-line shape of the body. i was able to try it on in store and was glad i did because i ended up sizing up to a small from my usually x-small. i still put ""true to size"" because i think the forgiving cut allows the top to work in multiple sizes. i even tried on a medium and it still looked like it fit. the arms are a bit tight, as the other reviewer mentioned so keep in mind when choosi"	1
Like the style of a blazer but the fabric of denim. looking forward to pairing with dresses and black pants	1
"Just received this in the mail, tried it on and am smitten. i'm usually a l, but sometimes i'm a xl (if no stretch), in retailer tops. i bought this one in l and i'm sure glad i did. very flowy, stretchy and comfortable. i also bought the meda lace top from one september and they are very similar expect this is more of a t-shirt and the other is more of a blouse. i almost think i could've gotten a m in this because there is a lot of extra fabric at the chest which is usually never the issue for me"	1
"I bought the red cardigan because i didn't have anything similar and was so pleasantly surprised by the fit and design that i'm going have to buy it in whatever other colors are available. it's very versatile - looks great tied in front, in back, at the side - and has a tiny bit of flare at the bottom so it's more feminine and flirty than your average cardigan. i have a few tops by this brand and have been really happy with the quality and design."	1
"I was not sure about ordering this dress, but i'm glad i did! i love the cut and all the details...very unique! i am usually a 10 and the medium fits me perfectly. love, love! if you're on the fence about ordering this dress, i say go for it. for reference, i'm 5' 6"" and the hem hits me mid-calf."	1
"Great fabric and nice cut - like other reviewer said, fitted but not too....but it was just too short for my legs. i do wonder if the description is wrong but i didn't keep it long enough to measure and check this."	1
"I love this dress, even more when i ordered it. its really flowy and flattering. i was worried it would make me look a bit frumpy with the seam right under the bust, but its so flattering. it also has little ties on the sleeeves in the back, a detail i'm in love with."	1
"This is such a cool military jacket. when i saw it displayed on a table at my local retailer, i knew it was going home with me. this is my 4th marrakech jacket, i love their style. i bought the black in my usual size large, and i agree with the previous reviewer, if you have a chest this is a very flattering jacket. i usually wear my jackets open, and i discovered that if you button back the lapels at the second button down it looks amazing and not so sloppy. it kind of bothered me the way"	1
"Based on the mixed reviews about fit, i waited to purchase until i could try it on in the store and was not disappointed. i'm wondering if there are different batches of this dress? i'm 5'7 and the dress fit as in the photo. the side slits come above my knees but not too high. arm holes are a bit large so if you want more coverage this may not be for you. the material is cozy and soft. the cream color is gorgeous. size wise, it definitely looks boxy and marshmallow-like if too loose. i am usuall"	1
"Love these jeans, comfortable fit and material is soft.. fit true to size and have a good rise."	1
"Imo this top does run small. arms were tight in the size xs and just a bit snug in the s. top is definitely versatile. i don't usually wear peplum tops due a larger chest (34d-dd) and they usually look like maternity tops on me, however this one did not. the problem with this top is the fabric in the back of the top is shearer than i'd like. you can see every bulge and bump of your bra. i felt you'd need to cover your back with either long hair, jacket, vest or cardigan. not a deal breaker becau"	1
"This jacket is very well made. the denim is quality and very soft. the other fabric isn't as heavy as the denim, but not so much that it feels like a mismatch when wearing it. i was surprised to find slash pockets by the side seams. on the interior, the slash pockets are sewn down and deep so that you can use them as pockets too. handy for your phone. fits true to size maybe a tiny bit on the generous side like a jean jacket should be. love it."	1
"One in every fifteen items of retailer clothing fits. this jacket is one. easy to grab and keep chill away. hood snuggles up as cozy collar when not worn up. model in photo must have orangutan arms, sleeves hit at wrist on this wearer with shortish arms.  boiled wool fabric is light, which is great for layering. lovely transition fall to winter transition piece. statement jacket that will live on next season and beyond.  thank you, rosie neira."	1
"I bought this and like other reviews, agree that the quality probably could be better, but i still love it enough to keep. the buckle fell apart, but i was able to fix it and the zipper seems a little weak. it has pilled, but the fabric is textured, so i didn't even notice until i read the other reviews and then looked back at my jacket.  it is a perfect medium coat for 40's & 50's before i am ready to bust out my ugly down north face for winter.  i get compliments every time i wear it!  love!!"	1
"I know it's a bit of a moot point since the chemise has sold out - but on the off chance any come back in stock, or if you see one at your local store - i urge you to try it on! the fabric is incredible. so luxurious. it fits me amazingly. i have a hard time with the whole tight chemise/slip/nightie category of clothing, as i'm fairly skinny, but still curvy, and while i love my curves, i do have a muffin top that can get real awkward when you're trying to look sexy. this, however, is a godsend."	1
"I'm 5'7"", 125 lbs and i ordered these in a size small. i just got them in the mail and the print is really pretty and they seem very well-made. unfortunately, they were a little too small, particularly around my butt. after i ordered them, i read reviews on other merchants' websites and saw that many other stores recommend sizing up, as the brand is known to run small. i wish i had known before i ordered, but i'm exchanging them for a medium and i hope those fit better, because this suit is ador"	1
"Super soft and stylish. it's a major step up from my overly casual fleece jackets. love it. i think the sizing is dead on so i would disagree with a review that it runs small. i'm 5'10 and 142lbs. typically wear a size s, but sometimes have to size up to a m. i got a s. fits great. not too tight. sleeves are plenty long enough. i typically wear this with skinny jeans to work (aka grad school), and i like that it functions as a jacket on chilly mornings, but its not too bulky so i can keep it on"	1
"I am 5' 4"" and 128 lbs and could have worn the 4 or 6 but took the 6. it does run short and the length in the 6 was better than the 4 with arm hole size being the same. the bees are embroidered making the fabric high quality and normally i would run from a print like this but not this one. it has great style!"	1
"Every spring/summer i look forward to t.la's tanks & tees and stock up on them. sometimes it is difficult to determine the color online, but this top (i bought it in green) is without a doubt the same color in person as it is online. the color is a gorgeous sea green and the softest cotton tee (just keeps getting softer wash after wash) and the silver buttons on the side (what a unique twist to an everyday tee). now all i need is the blue one."	1
"If you have a love for vintage, romantic, feminine attire, this is the dress for you. it evokes memory of days gone by. it isn't just beautiful, the quality is superb. make sure you check the measurements for this little beauty has so stretch to it."	1
Love the fit of pilcro jeans. it's always a struggle to find a white jean that is flattering around the thighs and doesn't show off lumps and bumps! these are terrific quality indeed.	1
"I absolutely love this sweater!! it's soft, easy to wash, and looks great!"	1
"Love this dress! the light fabric quality, color, and design all added to the grecian goddess feeling! my usual 0 fit perfectly, giving me a great shape and the length is great!"	1
"Needed a pair of grey pants to go with some of my jewel colored tops. hei hei is my favorite brand of pants and these did not disappoint.  they fit like a glove and are true to size.  i don't think the picture does them justice.  if you like comfort you certainly will not go wrong with these pants.  you can wear them year round except in the heat of the summer.  i would not hesitate to purchase them."	1
"I purchased both the coral and cream. the coral is more rustic than vibrant and to me, more orange than a true coral. but for summer, is probably super cute. i found this ran large. for reference, i am 5'8'' 128lbs and purchased a small, my usual size in retailer. i kept the small in the cream but if i were to keep the coral, i would have sized down to xs. you can adjust a little, but the arms were loose and coral didn't look as good if not fitted. super cute with jeans and a tee, with yoga pants,"	1
Love this kimono! it is so versatile. it is a one size only so it might be .a bit volumnous for some people.	1
This dress has style and a delicate balance between design and the beauty of the material.	1
This top is great to wear to work or for enjoying brunch or dinner with friends. it is very comfortable and pairs great with jeans for a dressed down look. i sometimes wear it under a chambray dress and have gotten a ton of compliments. great purchase!	1
"I usually wear a small or a medium in tee shirts, and i had to get a medium so that it fit comfortable throughout the shoulder area."	1
I love this dress! i wore it to my friends bridal shower and got so many compliments! i can't wait to wear it again!	1
"I've been eyeing this for months and finally bit the bullet and am so happy i did before it sold out! i love it. i was afraid i couldn't pull it off because i'm 5'3 and very petite, but i don't think it matters. it feels so light and airy and i can't wait to wear it at the pool and the beach as well as over some white tank tops and jean shorts. great piece."	1
"I was very hesitant about this. i read the previous reviews and thought oh no. the first time i saw it in person i was mildly disappointed because the material wasn't how i thought it would be. then i saw it up close, and i realized it was better than i thought. however, i didn't have time to try it on.  it wasn't until later when i saw it on someone else that i realized i was looking at a must have. i am so happy i purchased this. its beautiful and flattering and the colors are bright yet und"	1
Beautiful sweater - cool enough to wear on a florida evening and it will be perfect for vacation. the sleeves hit right above the wrist bone (exactly as shown on the model) and i really like that. sheer fabric but still a sweater - you will need a cami or tank underneath. can't wait to wear it!	1
"Gorgeous pattern and colors for autumn. maeve does me good when it comes to maxi dresses. i have to say that the sizing is all over the place! i am generally a medium, but the small and xs (?!) fit me well also. the stretchiness of the jersey is very comfortable and forgiving, except at the ruched waistband, which took longer to stretch out, but it did eventually. i do need to hem if i want to wear flats, but the length works for my higher heels. there are pockets and a lining to my knees. i am"	1
They are as comfortable as sweat pants. i can wear these all day and then some and be comfy. i love the fit (skinny's can be hard for me - i have athletic thighs) and the length is fantastic. i want more pairs in different washes!!	1
Nice rendition of a summer halter that resembles denim. i bought my normal small but could have downsized to an xs. if your busty stay with your normal size as it is more tts. i like the blue plaid colors and the soft cotton material it's made of. it has a very nice flow with the cute peek a boo back neckline. the interior fabric lining is also a quite lovely chambray blue that nicely offsets the blue plaid.	1
"This. jumpsuit. is. amazing.  i ordered the small, and it fits perfectly - loose and flowy, with room for boobs (i'm a 32d) and hips. perfect for humid summers when you'd rather your clothing hang a bit away from your body. the fabric is deceptively light for how it hangs (in a very flattering way) when i have it on.   i would say that if you're shorter than 5'4"", the petite is the way to go. however, i am 5'4"" and the length hit me almost exactly where it is on the model. i lifted the leg a"	1
"As a busty but small-waisted girl, i normally would not wear a loose shift like this. however, it turned out to be perfect for hiding my early/mid pregnancy belly. the dress is extremely comfortable, and it will also come in handy in the postpartum months. in fact, it looks so cute that i might just add it to my regular wardrobe after all."	1
"Let me start with: i love this dress --- but i'm totally confused. there is a pleat in the center of the dress, which if you look at the first photo on retailer's website, you can see that the model has the pleat in front, but when i recieved the dress, the tag is on the pleat side, meaning if you put the pleat in front, you're wearing it backwards. then other pictures show the model with no pleat in front, i tried it both ways and neither way felt wrong --- i thought it would fit funny if i flipp"	1
"Soft, pretty design and perfect length. i'm 5'6"" and the m fit perfectly!'"	1
"I've been hesitant to try on rompers, in part because they seem complicated and i also too worry that i would look a bit like mutton disguised as lamb in one of them! however, i saw this romper and fell in love with the pattern and had to try it on!  the pattern and color are wonderful, and i instantly felt glamorous, like betty grable in a cute cheesecake photograph! i had to buy it, and have since received tons of compliments on it (and i have yet to feel that i am too one foot in the grave t"	1
"Absolutely love the diagonal zipper. it is extremely flattering for the office, and comfortable. a great layering piece with a simple blazer, or alone. looks high quality. my only one minor complaint is that the bottom tends to move away from my body, as the top is wide on the bottom. hence, gives you a lot of leeway in the stomach area. may not be a good thing, or may be a good thing. still, overall, a keeper."	1
"Probably should have noticed the material this jumpsuit is made of before buying. tencel, thus little to no give,kind of like linen and silk. beautiful material, soft with a slight sheen. the top portion fits well and the triangles cover the girls well (36dd). unfortunately there is no give on the back end for my bottom which is quite round and its tight around my thighs which aren't small either. (l/xl and 14). and sadly an xl would be too big upstairs and baggy around the middle. sigh, oh well"	1
"I just love this dress! the color, the quality, the design - all great! sizing can be tricky however. i sized down due to reading the other reviews, and i'm glad i did - it fits perfectly! this dress does not have a zipper on top, so if you have broad shoulders it might be a little harder to squeeze into."	1
"This is a great shirt, fits perfect and super comfortable but you feel stylish and pretty"	1
"I love fitted top dresses like this but i find them hard to fit well on my body. this one fit perfectly, straps can be let out or taken in easily, and i get tons of comments on the print!"	1
"I have a countless number of maeve dresses, all size 6. bought an 8 after reading reviews and glad i did. fits perfectly for me one size up. only other issue is the cutout in the back. my bra shows unless i'm very careful."	1
"I was desperate to find a dress for an upcoming wedding. i basically tired on every dress in the store. this one was by far the best dress i tried on. the outer layer is delicate, and has great stitching and embroidery. the only problem is that the slip is skin tight and too small. this dress is so awesome i'm willing to overlook that and find my own slip. when i came out of the dressing room another couple stopped to tell me how amazing the dress looked. this dress is beautiful!"	1
This dress is just right for weddings and all- it fits nicely-the skirt makes it fun and it feels so comfortable-it is just a perfect solution for fun evening dress- i always carry a camera to weddings and this will be so great to wear while i am taking photos. it looks current but easy to move around in-	1
"I normally wear a size 12 because of my shoulders and back. after reading reviews after purchasing dress online, i was expecting it to be too small. it is, in fact, somewhat large. i love the way i feel in it. i am 5'8 and the length is perfect. i cannot wait to wear it. the black is so soft. love the boho feel, yet classic and feminine.."	1
"I love love love these white jeans. the crop style is great as i am 5'1"", so the fit is perfect for an ankle jean. these fit the bill in every way. they are so comfy!"	1
"I tried on the petite size in my usual xs, adn i actually have to go down to xxs, i looked overtaken by the shirt. i'm 5'2"" and 115lbs)  cut is flowy and not close to the body, sleeves are narrower, but still ok with athletic built.  color: light one is great for gals with darker complexion and hair, but for my pale self, the darker one was better... but can't go wrong, i ordered both colors and liked both of them.  ruffle is a great addition too..."	1
"The print on this is gorgeous, and it's incredibly comfortable. ultimately, i didn't buy it because the length was weird for me (i'm 5'7""); it just looked strange, like it was cutting me off at a weird point."	1
"I am very petite, however, fuller on top (34ddd). this top looks fabulous! it is cut in such a way that every part of your body looks slimmer. goes with jeans, dress pants of skirt. i highly recommend."	1
I must agree with some of the other reviewers--this sweater is so pretty! but the quality of the sweater is not great. my sensitive skin found it to be itchy. so sadly i had to return it.	1
Loved this top. great design. comfortable and unique. soft material	1
I tried this on in the store and loved it. it is very comfortable. i sized up one or two sizes. i am very thin and somewhat petite but wanted a little more length. it will be a great dress for fall as the fabric is heavy enough to wear into fall. i think it looks better in person than online. would recommend it if you like this kind of dress. love that it has pockets too. great quality.	1
"I love this top! i just bought it on sale so the price was great but it would have been totally worth it paying full price! great quality, unique, and great fit. i look forward to wearing it all year!"	1
"I have had my eye on this coat for a while and then my size (0) was sold out. when it popped back i ordered it. i am 5'4"" and i had wondered if i needed the petite (petite 0 was sold out) because of all the reviews i had read. however, the sleeve length is perfect. in a petite, the sleeves would be too short. i don't have long arms so i am surprised some reviewers have complained about the sleeves being too long. the button placement is not at the waist but that is the style! the lapels are long"	1
"The first day i wore this jacket to work, three people told me how great it looked. it's stylish but comfy, looks great worn with a tunic and leggings or accompanying a skirt and tights. best of all, the camel color is a great change from black and as a bonus, doesn't show my orangeish lab's dog hair!"	1
"After reading many of the reviews stating the dress can have the potato sack look, i certainly had concerns. particularly since i am petite, hourglass, athletic, and approaching 50. i decided t give the blue shade a try. the lighter shade is beautiful but was afraid it would wash me out with my darker hair and olive-toned skin. let me start by saying the blue is so beautiful and rich looking. the velvet has such dimension and is no ordinary velvet material. it is also lined. when i first tried i"	1
I love the great variety of fabrics and textures used in these joggers - you will also!	1
This has quickly become my favorite dress. i bought the turquoise dress and the color is so lovely. the fit is perfect and the lines are flattering and classic. this is one of those dresses that will never go out of style.	1
"I feel slim and comfortable in these cute trousers.  got compliments at work.   they are definitely more of a work pant, due to the material.  i think i could wear them outside of work (look-wise), but maybe wouldn't feel as comfortable in them after the hours of nine-to-five, due to the material."	1
"Super cute. 5'9"" 135 lbs and the medium was perfect to wear with a long sleeve shirt underneath. good quality and lined too. perfect for daytime when a leather moto might be a bit much."	1
"I love that this tee is so soft and is not boring! when i originally took it out of the bag, my teenage daughter did not like it. then i tried it on and she was wowed! the longer length in the back makes it very interesting. i am looking forward to wearing this with jeans."	1
"First, the product arrived in a very small bag that made for many, many wrinkles - almost impossible to determine what it might look like. shame on retailer for sending their items in this manner. secondly, i don't know how individuals wear this with a bra. the back is cut so low that my bra back band partially showed - not my idea of a good look. third, the front necessitated a cami, and there is no way a cami can be worn due to how it is cut in the back. returning now, and i just received it."	1
"Very happy with the fit of this sweater, which is flattering and unique. the ruffle elevates the piece. very soft and a good length for me (i got a medium) in both the sleeves and the body. the hole at the neck gaps a little, which may bug me as time goes on, but otherwise i am so pleased with this sweater that i am willing to put up with it. i ordered this in the red, which is more of an orangey red, which does not suit my skin tone. i will exchange for the blue/gray version."	1
"I think this dress is beautiful. i ordered it for my brother's wedding, but the nude slip underneath made the dress look a bit too revealing. i may keep it for a holiday party though because it really is gorgeous and super flattering. it dies run large. typically i'm a 10 and the 8 fit perfectly."	1
"I work from home so i'm always in search of tops that are comfortable and cute, but don't make me look like i'm waiting for company to arrive. this is a great addition to the wardrobe. super comfortable, it has shrunk slightly with a few launderings, but it's still wearable."	1
"Another wonderful deletta top is hanging in my closet! i love the cotton. i love the style. medium fit perfect. it is loose around the middle, so soft and comfortable. i purchased the lavender washout. i know i will be wearing this frequently."	1
"This dress is an absolute attention getter. it's incredibly unique, and fits beautifully. i'm very short, and often have problems pulling off this much pattern, but this dress was just right."	1
When i saw this top.... i had to have it.....runs very small... would size up especially if curvy on top.......sheer but not too sheer...... feels and looks delicate...... no problems so far	1
"I think this is the first peasant top i've found that doesn't fit like a tent! i did size down to a small, although i'm normally between small and medium. i even found that the shape of this top is quite flattering. maybe the darker embroidery helps. i'm very happy with this purchase."	1
"Love this tank! the purple motif is gorgeous, and the carbon color is a rich dark gray with a slight blue tinge. at 5'4"" / 130# with a fairly proportionate torso to leg ratio, i sometimes need a petite in tops like this to avoid the armholes being too long. in this top i found the petite small too short, but the regular small was perfect. the waist hits right above my natural waist, the hem is just a skosh lower than the model photo, and the armholes are the right length. beautiful flattering cu"	1
"These may be my new go-to pair of jeans. they have just enough stretch and softness that i can be comfortable in these all day. however, i noticed after the 2nd time i wore them, there were pills in the inner thigh area."	1
"Saw this dress in the retailer catalog and tried on in store. didn't need a dress but ended up purchasing as will be wearable for summer/early fall. seems like a print dress cut and style that will be used for many seasons. outer fabric is a bit delicate/may snag, and a bit wrinkly as another reviewer said, but works with the dress."	1
"I adore this sweater coat! i first bought the green color in my normal size online on a whim mostly due to the positive reviews. i was not disappointed at all! this sweater coat is soft boiled wool.. the green color is a deep forest that looks incredible with black, grays and berry colors.  the fit appears to be magical. it manages to be both roomy and figure flattering, which is tricky with my figure (hourglass). i tend to need a defined waist, but somehow this coat manages to be very slimming"	1
This jumpsuit is the epitome of what i love about retailer! unique and absolutely beautiful. i love how it flows and on my petite frame when paired with heels makes me look taller. hopefully the designs for spring/summer are just as beautiful and comfortable as this piece. i plan to rock this with a cute belt and a bolo jacket.	1
Fit is perfect. body slimming. i'm glad i purchased it.	1
I ordered this for my friend and she loved it!	1
I bought this top in my usual size in a small. i'm a 34 d 26 waist. i absolutely love it. i pair it with a red cardigan. very cute.	1
"I tried this on (xs) and thought it would be great, butit was simply bog on me and boxy. unfortunately, they are out of petite in the grey color (my favorite of the 3). this top is soft and feminine if it fits properly, but too big was a little too boxy."	1
"The color is perfect for fall.  dressy enough for work, and looks great with a pair of jeans."	1
Love everything about the top. it's very versatile wear by itself or with a cute jacket. it's a great staple to have in your closet.	1
"Truly the only word that comes to mind when i think of this dress is dazzling! the pictures online just barely do it justice...if you have an retailer nearby, check to see if its available in store and go check it out in person. it does not disappoint! every year around this time, our beloved retailer seems to come out with this style of dress. in the years past they have all been different and beautiful, but i think they have truly outdone themselves this year. this dress is a deep emerald green..."	1
"The silhouette and length of this skirt and length are flattering, classic and comfortable! the colors and weight of this skirt make it versatile - could be worn year-round (so long as it's not 100 degrees out - there is a bit of weight to it). it's one of my favorite pieces in my closet. can be styled 20 different ways. pair with a higher-end tee, tank, denim jacket or body-hugging sweater. i sized down."	1
"Loved this pilcro denim jacket. slight stretch, well-constructed white denim with yellow-gold stitching. it is short and very nice fitting-versatile! runs tts. i am 5'5"" 142 lbs 34d and small fit perfectly. i really like it and am not put off at all with thread color. actually gives it some character. mine did have a pen mark on the back but as usual retailer's great customer service provided a solution."	1
"This dress will be very useful. it fits loose, but it is suppose to. i plan to wear this to casual parties, out to dinner, and possibly a wedding at a winery. i weigh am 5' 6"", weigh 145 lbs, and ordered a medium."	1
"I love everything about this top. it is high volume and looks good with either a skinny pant or a structured voluminous pant. very sharp, but feminine and frilly look. i love the juxtaposition."	1
"I agree with the other viewers that this cardigan is significantly better looking in person. i am 5'7"" 126 lbs and bought the medium. it is more fitted than how it is on the model. it keeps its shape after multiple wears and is very comfortable. i'm glad i have it!"	1
"When i received this dress i was surprised by the weight of the fabric. it's not as light and gauzy as the photos appear, and it is fully lined. it's more substantial in a good way. also i had thought it would be more of a straight cut but it's definitely a swing which i prefer. with the lining, it does stand out a bit from your body so it's not a clingy look at all. i like it a lot but i don't think it fits the way you would expect from the photo. it's roomy, i could probably have sized down. i"	1
"I didn't even notice this tee online, but in person in the store, i instantly loved it. then trying it on, loved it even more. it is flattering without being too tight. i got an xs, which is my usual size. i'm not a huge fan of the 3/4 sleeve length in winter, so i almost wish it had been either long or short sleeve, but no biggie, i still love!"	1
"This swimsuit is super cute and retro. the ruching on the stomach is very flattering and the shaping on the padded cups makes for a very nice hourglass 1950s-inspired look. great for us ladies without a lot up top. i felt very marilyn monroe in this suit! i love the back coverage, too -- your butt doesn't hang out of the suit and the boyshort style offers a good amount of coverage without being dowdy.  i was worried about sizing when i first ordered it. based on what everyone said, i went with a"	1
"Although this is not my husband''s favorite (he prefers things a little more tailored). i absolutely adore this! i got this in the ivory/cream color not realizing they had it in two more colors. i just ordered the blue. i loved the way the size small fit (not as wide), but the medium for my height (5'7"") fit better and was longer. if i want to wear it as a dress, i could. i highly recommend this!! well made and looks great!!!"	1
"I love this dress, it's very comfortable, slim swing and very ingratiating. the fabric is light, i like the details of the buttons on the sleeves. overall, i'm pleased and happy for the purchase of this dress. i will definitely recommend it."	1
"I am in love with this dress and can't wait to wear it to brunch this weekend! i am normally a ps, but they only had the pxs which i took a chance on. fits like a glove. slightly tight in the chest area, but i am chesty for a petite girl. the length is perfect and modest, the detail up front is adorable."	1
This was a return in my sale room and i just decided to try it on. love it! fits true to size thought kind of hard to zip up all the way. colors are great. got the petite size. the pattern is different for each one so each is unique. mine has. lot more navy blue.	1
"While i love this top ( beautiful color and pattern) i found it to be a bit short.  if it were a few inches longer i would be thrilled.  i'm 5'8 ,  curvy, and have a long torso-- so that may be the problem. i will say that within 2 hours of wearing this, i had 5 strangers stop me and comment re: how pretty it is. i am keeping it :)"	1
"This is really a lovely top, but the color online is not quite what the color actually is in person. this was a find in my store today and it is a little more lilac than the picture shows. the cut is extremely flattering and the fabric is very soft as is the case with most one september items. the one recommendation that i have for this is that because the main fabric is a soft knit, the proper undergarments are really needed. i tried it with a lace bra and you could see a lot the details of the"	1
Fit great. hang nice. extra loop to hold belt. perfect design.	1
"The fabric is so thin, i think this entire garment might actually fit in a normal-sized letter envelope. the problem is not going to be that the garment is see-through (which it is) - it's the fact that the super thin fabric is not silky, it's cotton-ey, and i suspect it will get ""stuck"" against the back of my shirt/pants while i'm wearing it and not drape nicely. i wonder if some tiny weights could be sewn to the bottom hem to keep it laying properly.....  however, i'm such a sucker for a pre"	1
I love this dress! it fits me so well and is extremely comfortable. i can't wait until it gets a little warmer so i can wear it with a trench and cute flats or heeled sandals.	1
Cute top. fits short but roomy. will get a lot of use in my wardrobe.	1
"This is my second pair of joggers from retailer and since this purchase, i have bought another pair. it seems that they are just a great fit for my body, long and lean, but not extreme. someone said they run large, but my experience is true to size. these pants can be very casual around the house, out for errands or dressed up and worn for casual evenings out. i love that the elastic waist isn't bunchee. they hang very straight and pretty, just like in this picture. the fabric has some text"	1
"This top in the remaining blue - green is not the top pictured.  it's like the photos posted in a recent review by inwonderland.  the color is deep and beautiful.  the neck is high, the lace is floral, there's a seam under the bust with a center pleat falling from it.  there's no reason for hesitancy at the sale price."	1
I run between an xs and s in most retailer shirts. i went with the xs in this one and was glad i did. the fit is lovely and flattering. i loved this shirt the second i put it on -- then went to order it in another color.	1
"I love ag for their soft, stretchy denim and flattering fit. bought these today and couldn't be happier! i usually order stevies in the petite ankle size, but the ""regular"" capri length fit perfectly skimmed my ankle."	1
"This was my favorite piece of apparel i have purchased in a very long time! fun, trendy and comfy yet dressy piece. dress it up or down based on the occasion."	1
"This may be one of my favorite purchases from retailer in a long time. i really appreciate the unique design, a quality that has drawn me to retailer for years. the cute little quirky owls are as rich in color as they are in personality. i'm don't typically favor cheaper polyester blends though the texture feels fine on my skin. this top definitely runs small and i had to size up to get the fit and length i desired. overall, i am very pleased and have received lots of compliments after wearin"	1
This top fits great. maybe a tad on the large side but not enough to go down a size. i love the fit. the bell sleeves and peplum are so flattering. definitely worth the price too!	1
I got this before the winter. so i could wear it for summer and fall. it is light wave material for summer and fall. i think it would be good for spring time too.the color of this pants is more natural so it is easy to march any color of tops.i really enjoy it.	1
"Like the other reviewers experienced, i received my top in the mail, and it does not have the straps as shown in the online pictures. not to say that the top is not attractive, though, and i'll be keeping it. very comfortable and cool in the triple-digit heat in my community."	1
Very comfortable. runs a little large. purchased a medium and probably should have gone with a small.	1
"I love this peasant top! i didn't expect it to be made from such nice fabric. usually, i have to wear a camisole under a lot of retailer tops, but not this one! i bought a petite xs and if fits perfectly. thank you to retailer for selling petite clothes."	1
Great tunic!  i get compliments every time i wear it. :)	1
"I ordered this top in xsp and xs. i don't think i let the xsp top breathe long enough, because i thought it was too short and sent it back. (there is no retailer near me...) i kept the xs, and at first thought the same thing about it not fitting right, but by the end of the day it stretched just enough, and felt just right. really pretty top. i received a lot of compliments on it."	1
"This is my first maxi skirt and i am pleasantly surprised! i might not have purchased this had i not tried it on in store, but did for the fun of it and loved the shape and swing of the skirt. the material is a comfortable and substantial stretchy jersey fabric with an inner lining that keeps it from being sheer. though it is kind of a dark navy, i would agree with one of the previous reviewers that it could pass for a black and white pattern. for my sister's graduation, i paired it with a white"	1
"These culottes are adorable on....if you order up two whole sizes! they run extremely small. fabric is thick, high quality and a beautiful color."	1
This top looks elegant with my stirrup pants and feels like heaven it is so soft. fitted at the neck and arms; loose and swingy at the trunk with a beautifully finished hem. the yarn is two-toned heather.	1
"I love this coat, and wanted it to fit so badly! a 12-14 always fits well, but i can't even start to button up the large in this coat. so sad!!!"	1
This dress is very flattering. great unique dress.	1
"I love this dress for fall. it is slightly sheer, so i would recommend wearing tights or a slip underneath, but it is lightweight enough for fall that i can transition the dress into the season as it gets colder. one note -- i am 5'1"", and was required to size down to an xs in this dress due to length. the xs is perfect for work, as it hits me slightly above my knees."	1
"Love this top! i'm 5' 118 lbs, purchased in a medium and plan on wearing it as a dress! it is so cute!"	1
Great winter maxi. soft and comfortable fabric. good quality. stretchy but not too clingy. fitted in all the right places and very flattering. petite was unavailable so will need hemming.	1
"Love this tank, i am petite and this was the perfect length for me, i wore it with white jeans and a blazer.  love the print!"	1
"I love this peasant dress! i have worn it twice already with black lizard cowboy boots/frye jane boots, black tights and silver sparkly earrings -no need for a necklace because of the beautiful beading at the yoke. the fabric is 100% rayon and has a beautiful drape, so it doesn't poof out like a maternity dress. it is lined, has 3/4 sleeves with an elasticized cuff, and hits around my knee. this dress could have definitely supported pockets in the side seams or patch pockets on the front. i have"	1
I love pilcro's jeans. they fit adults without being mom jeans. the quality is great. the legging cut is simple with just the right amount of stretch. they're a tiny bit short but i like to show a little skin in booties.	1
Love this & so cute to have t-shirt with additional details. usually get medium size in blouses but liked the fit of the large better.	1
"I am 5'0"" tall and i have decent legs. these shorts are pretty short! i am sending them back for a small to see if they'll give a little more coverage. i should mention that they are absolutely darling and i bought the top that is shown with them. it's going to be a great little summer outfit. the quality of this brand is always very good."	1
"This is a pretty everyday piece to add to your wardrobe. the color is a little less pink and more peach than depicted in the photo and the top is just a bit on the short side but i was afraid that if i sized up, it wouldn't give me more length but maybe look boxy instead. i'm 5'7"", 140lbs, 32dd with an athletic build and ordered the small."	1
"I have wanted a boiled wool jacket for years. finally. i got the gray/navy. soft, warm and classic. i expect it to last forever. it is the right weight for out door wear in warmer climates or late fall/early spring in minnesota. the sleeves are long, but push up nicely, and roomy enough to go over a long sleeved blouse. i paired it with the tartan charlie trousers, and it is very polished for work. soft. but someone sensitive to wool might find it itchy. i agree that it is a little boxy--but i t"	1
"I've worn this dress to work with a black corset belt and to disneyland as is. it's made of a medium weight knit that doesn't cling. the cut is flattering. i wish they had an option with no slits. though this alternate cut would be significantly less comfortable, it would create a sexier silhouette. i purchased this item on sale.  i'm a little worried that it'll shrink in the wash. i've had varied luck with fabric containing modal."	1
"This dress is more beautiful in person. this dress fits well on top for my broad shoulders, chest(40c)and through my straight hips. note. the side bottom panels are very stretchy. i will have it tailored slimmer. so if you are bottom curvy, this dress is awesome!"	1
"These pants are a great buy now that it's on sale. even though the weather is warming up, it can be stashed away until next cold season because it is timeless. the fabric is thick but not bulky, the side zip is flattering, and the buttons add a touch of flair, which make the pants look very tailored. size 6 regular fit me well on the waist and hips (i'm 5'2"", 26 waist, 36 hips). i cut off 4 inches of the hem so i can wear it with 3-heels. i prefer the regular size for elevenses pants because the"	1
"Love this vest! since i am 66 years old i was hesitant to try on this vest because it was out of my comfort zone as to style, but my daughter convinced me to try it on. it is absolutely darling and looked so chic on. my 27 year old daughter bought it, too, so it is stylish for any age. the fur collar is fun and the fabric is very nice and the vest is well made. it can elevate jeans to a dressier look but still have a casual vibe. having a coupon the day we shopped made the decision to buy this e"	1
"This dress is a new favorite! the cut is great for most figures and the fabric has a nice drape around the curves of the body so it sort of has a slimming effect - which i love! i'm petite and curvy and so the hem lands closer to top of my knees than it does on the model in the image. the color in person is slightly more purple and less brown/maroon, but it still works for a fall/winter wardrobe. if you are uneasy about the colors, i recommend looking at it in store before purchasing. i love thi"	1
"I have never purchased printed pants before, but i was so smitten with the cute little shells that i had to try them on. i was impressed with the fabric, which has some thickness to it but will still be perfect for summer. i also have athletic calves and unlike other cartonnier pants i've tried, i had no trouble getting these over my legs! win win! i'm usually a size 8 and while it was fitted (not loose like on the model) i know they will stretch. being 5'4'' i'm just on the boarder of having mo"	1
"This dress is versatile and cute! i purchased the xxs at 5'4"" 115lbs and it fit perfect. a steal at the sale price!"	1
Just purchased this on sale. will be perfect for summer on those days you wear dresses and don't want your skin to touch the subway bench! love it!	1
"Fits like a dream: not too tight, not too loose. arm holes aren't too big (a common problem for me in sleeveless retailer tops/dresses), the sweater material isn't itchy, and the pattern is unusual and eye-catching. i felt confident in this dress and received many compliments. great addition to the spring wardrobe."	1
Size down! i love this item. it goes perfect with leggings but if you are typically a small you would need to order an extra small and so forth. hopefully once i wash this it will shrink some.	1
"I fell for the charcoal one and bought standard size m/l. on first wearing with slim jeans, booties and a long sleeved t, the body of the vest was fine. but with wavy shoulder-length hair, i found the large, wide collar overwhelming at the top. i tried folding the collar under, as in the photo of the gray one, but still too much. i altered it by paring it down by 7 inches at the back neck, and tapering down to meet the lapel at mid-chest. the fabric looks like boiled wool, but is actually a tigh"	1
"I absolutely love these shorts! they are the perfect length, too. i have been looking for shorts this length and rise height for years. it's hard to find shorts that aren't super short yet aren't bermuda and are still flattering. i especially recommend these for those that miss wearing shorts because of insecurities with their thighs/mid-section.  rolls are not sewn on both ends, so you'll have to re-roll each wash.  wish you carried these basics at all times."	1
"I absolutely adore this dress! the beautiful details and shape make it so much more unique and special than your typical linen dress. it's effortless, yet still a showstopper. i am a size 4 with hourglass shape and my normal size 4 it fits me like it was made for me. it's not too tight in the ribcage, yet it is slimming and flattering. not matronly at all! the laces can be worn tied up for a more modest look, or worn untied for a breezy, casual, a bit more sexy look. i will be wearing this dress"	1
"This is a charming dress, with lots of quality touches, and something which is easy to wear and appropriate for many occasions. however, the dress i received wasn't quite like the dress pictured in the catalog and main website photos. the bottom buttons of the over-dress do not have matching holes, so you can't button it. this makes the v lower, and the bodice looser. it is like the photo with the brunette model on the website, rather than the primary photos with the blonde lady. personally, i w"	1
"Larger than life in both size and personality. this one runs pretty big however the detailing in the fabric itself and embroidered collar balance that out. it's even more gorgeous in person!  for reference, i'm 5'7"", 125lb, straight up and down and i usually go for a 4 or 6 / small. i got a 4, but could have easily fit into the 2 or even the 0."	1
"This is such a pretty top. i do not feel it runs big, as another review mentioned. to fit the sleeves comfortably (i do not have large arms at all) i did choose to take a small over my usual xs so the body is a bit llonger than shown on the model (a bit more of a tunic fit on me). it is really a pretty top either way, the xs fitting like it does in the picture on the model and the s fitting a bit longer. worried just a bit that it might develop holes as some tissue tees do."	1
"The print of this skirt is so fun. i love how it's styled on the model, and i could see it being very versatile. i decided not to keep it because, mainly, it is pricey and i'm afraid it'll get easily damaged. if i would wear it, i think i'd be worried about sitting on a dirty chair or spilling something on my lap and it being really visible-- and then having to upkeep it through dry cleaning. the fabric's nice and good quality. but honestly, if the skirt were cheaper and the fabric were cotton a"	1
"I saw this dress online and fell in love with it. it is just as beautiful in person too. very delicate, but receive so many compliments every time i wear. it is two separate pieces, a slip dress and the overlying fringe dress. i am 5'4"" and need a 2 inch wedge heel to keep the bottom from dragging. probably could have tried to order the petite but figured i'd probably be wearing heals anyway. i normally wear a 6/8 in dresses and the medium fit perfectly and is so flattering! the top half is flow"	1
Wow im really glad i didn't listen to the negative reviews! in ordered this top in the black and red and i have to say this is one of my favorite tops! the neck line i agree does need to be secured. i wish they would have added a snap. it's fine though as i don't mind sewing it closed. this top is worth it! i'm 5'2 108 lbs and small chested. so for slim girls i think this is perfect!	1
"Spotted this beauty in my local store - hanging (grrr) which made it stretch out. note that it's made of linen, cotton, and acrylic, so it's not heavy, it's weighty. anyways, it seemed to run large just due to gravity, so i ended up ordering it so it wasn't all stretched out. it's got a beautiful a-line cut - perfect for us bottom-heavy gals. love the colored thread woven throughout. worth the extra $."	1
"I'm so impressed with the beautiful color combinations and embroidery but disappointed in the rayon fabric used, especially at this price point.  the sleeveless sheer blue outer dress is a flowy swing silhouette that retains many wrinkles.  i have thick shoulders and upper arms, so the armholes cut into my armpits.  the silky rayon liner is a blush rose color with adjustable spaghetti straps.  the slip has no stretch and feels a bit tight on my chest.  i ordered size medium petite and my stats a"	1
"This dress is cute and comfortable. big but not too big, skimming. i usually wear a 12 pant and bought a medium and it is great. i am on the taller side and the length was great too."	1
"This shirt is actually not as fitted as it looks on the model. the shirt actually flares out a bit and giving more room to large chested women, like myself. the arms and chest area are a tat small, but the non-fitted style accommodated that nicely. great color, great design with the butterflies and easy to wash. looks great with skinny bell bottoms or even jean shorts in the summer and some cowboy boots. very sexy."	1
"Fits well, comfortable and flattering. i wouldn't call this pattern fabric purple though. it is definitely multi colored and purple should not be called the dominate color.. the picture is an accurate representation of the color."	1
"Some reviewers found this skirt to be on the smaller side, but for me, it was big,,, too bad the smaller size is sold out (well, all peittes are sold out). the length is also pretty long, below the knee, but in the narrow part still...so able to keep it. the colors are great. i brought it in the store to try on in front fo the stylists, adn they all loved it and told me to keep it... winner for sure!"	1
"This cardigan is not my usual color choice, but the details were so beautiful i had to buy it when i saw it at the store. the birds and flowers are detailed with sparkly little beads that are prettier in reality than you can see in these photos. it's also a versatile piece that can be worn in many ways and dressed up or down. i'm only 5'1"" but i didn't need the petite (which is good since it is sold out in petite). the sleeves are cropped so they don't hang too low for me. the sweater is hand wa"	1
"I fell in love with dress immediately! it runs small, but is very flattering, even if you have a little you want to hide. i went up 1 size. so comfy and beautiful! love!!"	1
"Top is very cute and wearable, fit is boxy but nice."	1
"I ordered this dress online and i love it! i'm only 5'2"" so it's always a challenge for me with maxis but this one fit the bill. not too much fabric to be overwhelming on a shorter frame and the length was perfect. the fabric is very comfortable and moves with you. also the quality is great! i ordered a small petite but i probably could have gone xs petite. this would dress would be flattering on most people. need same dress, more colors!"	1
"I wore this immediately after receiving it as a gift. after wearing it for almost 2 hours the fabric started to pill between my legs where it rubs. sucks!! i actually really love this jumper and it's very soft and comfortable. just wish it would last longer :( i'm going to be wearing this all the time this summer but i'm pretty sure it will rub to the point where there will be holes in my pants... between my legs..   only complaint about sizing is that the top is too big. i'm 5'2"", 135lbs, 34a"	1
"This dress is beautiful. i am happy i chose the sky blue color. i read a review before ordering that said it was more beautiful in person. it certainly is! i can't wait to wear it. the only issue is that it runs a tad bit too big. i am very thin, and usually an xs in retailer clothes. i could've fit an xxs. good thing the straps can tie and be adjusted. also, it is a little longer than i thought it would be on me (i am 5'7""). other than that, i love this dress."	1
"I bought this dress in ivory and then bought the navy on sale, i loved it so much. i'm 5'4"", 117, and the petite medium was perfect. love the kicky flare, and the lining makes it so comfortable. an effortless, fun dress - perfect for hot summer lunch."	1
"I love this dress . perfect fit and very good quality."	1
"Absolutely love the design, fabric, and fit of this dress! a perfect dress for many occasions, one of the many reasons i love this company! excellent customer service, employees, and of course adorable clothing. 10/10 would recommend buying this dress! and to all the taller girls, i am 5'11"" and 170lbs and this dress is still a good length! no need to continuously pull down and worry about who might see your rear."	1
"I'm 5'0, 125 lbs, and 34d, i ordered a 6p and it fits perfectly. the color is more of a bronze mixed with gold and chocolate. the picture does not do it justice."	1
The picture doesn't do this justice. this top is amazing in person. i purchased my regular size 2. it is very versatile and the colors are perfect as well as cut and material. worth the money	1
This cardigan caught my eye and i had no idea how soft and wonderful it would feel so it's a win-win! it hangs a little boxy so i'll need to figure out how to style it so it's more flattering. the pockets are a pretty gold color (you can see it from the inside) and adds a nice touch of color. it's a keeper!	1
"I was looking for something business casual when i ran into this dress in store. i was able to wear a petite small, but am normally a 4-6 in dresses. it does run large! its perfect with heels for work or dressed down with boots in the fall. it is very comfortable and still looks like you're trying."	1
"Skirt in med fit fine, cute,lightweight, swingy, flirty, fun, almost knee length i am typically a 10-12 but the pattern which swings up, across, and down made me look wide in the hips as opposed to other clothes i own already more petite, less curvy girls enjoy! its going back,sorry!"	1
"This is a nice top! it is dressy and cute, tts. i am 8 or 10 and got a med. would look great with jeans, pencil skirts, slim cut pants. very happy with this purchase."	1
"I ordered this dress to wear to a summer wedding in san francisco. i liked that it had sleeves, a plus. when i was trying it on, i found that it was a little snug, then realized it was the slip, which is not too tight at all once the dress is on. it helps to smooth those little bumps. it is drop waist style, which skims the torso, then flares out prettily. all in all very complimentary, beautiful color, well made. very pleased; it will be comfortable and perfect at the wedding."	1
"These are great pants! i sized up from my typical size 28 because i found the rise to be a little low for me. i tend to like my pants a little higher on my waist. the sa said these ran a little smaller for most. when i got home, i put them up to my size 28's and they were the same. (what woman likes to go up a size?) i purchased the black;great for work and play. i would like the holly too but i am waiting."	1
"I ordered the teal color - it is a beautiful color. the fit is a bit odd like one other person commented, but the pros outweigh the cons. i am thinking of ordering the other colors too."	1
"I saw this a few months back and wanted it then and now i bought it. i missed a few promos but i ended up getting it at full price in a large, my usual size i like in the pilcro denim jacket line. i love pilcro and have several of this brands denim jackets and each one is very special. i love the use of the plaid details. it has a weathered appearance - the denim and my distressed treatments are not too severe, as some reviewers have commented on the ""holes"" . i will say this jacket runs small."	1
"This dress is gorgeous in color and print; i think it can be styled as eclectic or elegant as you'd like. definitely runs big in the shoulder/bodice area, so i sized down."	1
"Love  this dress, beautiful!"	1
"I can't decide on these pants. after trying them on in the store, they are very soft and a beautiful blue color. however, i found them a bit small. i usually take a l in retailer pants, and these are very tight. probably could pull them off with a tunic top, however, in spite of the fabric, the fit was just not comfortable for me. a good alternative for denim if you are slender, rather than curvy."	1
"This is such a great top for spring and summer. i've worn it with shorts, capris, and jeans, as well as layered it under a denim jacket. it brings an element of whimsy to any outfit. it's comfortable and really well made."	1
"This seems to be designed to fit a bit loose, but not in a bad way (for me). the floral pattern on the collar with the polka dots on the rest of the dress are very cute, and i think this can look good with or without a belt. light for summer but still covers a lot, which is nice for the office. the sleeves are a little short, but it doesn't look bad. glad i snatched it."	1
Love this color! when i saw this beautiful blue color in the store i had to try them on! so pretty! if you love pilcro chinos--you will be happy with these! same great fit and an awesome color!	1
I love this jacket! it is super soft and a gorgeous color. i can wear it with jeans and a tee or dress it up and wear it to work. so versatile! a must have for the fall season!	1
"Great fabric, details, construction...but, it is not grey!! definitely shades of brown!! i do like the look & style of this top."	1
"So.. i saw this dress like a month ago and i fell in love. utter i-have-to-have-it love. before dropping $200 superfast, i gave myself some time to think it over. well, of course i decided to order it, and of course my size was sold out. most of the sizes were sold out, actually. they did have a petite left, so after i dried my eyes, i decided to wing it. the petite actually fit. the mid section is a little snugger than i am normally comfortable with (although the top is so structured that it ac"	1
"In contrast to the other reviewer, i love this dress. worth the sale price at least."	1
"Loved the colors (greenish, coal and white) and shirt texture but the fit was horrible. i sized up to an xl because you can never tell sizing with this line. that didn't help. it fit, although a bit long but the deal breaker was that i looked huge from the side view. since i carry my weight in my mid section, high/low cuts on the side are tricky on my frame. it fit well in the bust over my 34g's and looked nice from the front. i do recommend it. if you have my body issues you might pass."	1
"This has been my go to top every time i go out lately. i just make sure i am with different people. the length is perfect and not too long. i wear a strapless black bra and you cannot see through the shirt. the only thing i don't like about it, is the three buttons in the back at the top are very, very difficult to button."	1
I love this dress but sadly for me it didn't look good on my body type. i'm a 36 dd and not thin so it made me look like a beached whale. i saw it on two different sales clerks in the stoe and they both looked adorable.	1
"This is the first romper i have have purchased and is so cute! i am in between a small and a medium usually (5'7, 135 lbs and athletic). the medium fit okay, but with some extra fabric--the small fit better and was much more flattering. the romper feel well-made. can't wait to wear it!"	1
"Beautiful piece that i loved from the day i received it in the mail. lots of compliments, just a fun, pretty outfit."	1
"I loved this on the cover of the august catalog. when i saw the pictures online, i was a bit hesitant because the background of the dress looked white, and i wondered whether it would be too washed out for me. not so. i love it! it fits beautifully; the waistline is very flattering. it looks like a dress a model would wear in the 1960s -- not a hippie, but a model in a high fashion magazine. it looks great with boots. the fabric is soft to the touch, so luxurious. i am of polish and lithuanian d"	1
"The smocking is beautiful. the fabric is soft and flowy, it is not too sheer for work. the blouse fits tts. i have this in 3 colors and take the xs and have even bought the xxs. for reference, i am a 32 b.5'8"" and 110lbs. it is a nice layering length and is not boxy. the armholes fit nicely. i wish they still had the blue."	1
"I love the flowy-beachy look of this jumpsuit, it is very comfortable, and super cute, my only ""gripe"" is that the hip part is pretty wide, hands in the pockets, you can't tell, but if i were to get this, i would want a xxs. length was ok not petite since it is a flowy look. colors are very nice too, kind of ""70's"", but i love it. i think i will get this if it goes to sale, even if it is a little big on me... i am 115 lbs, 30d chest and tried on xs."	1
"I was really intrigued by this swimsuit when i saw it online but i wasn't sure how it would look on me but the reviews convinced me i should get it and figured if i didn't like it i could just return it. i love this suit, the color is beautiful and the high neckline is off-set by the open back. for anyone who has a large chest, which i do (32g), this is one of the most secure/supportive swimsuit i have ever tried on. do not hesitate to buy this suit, though i would go a size up if you have a lar"	1
"I'm about 5'9"" and this sweater was too short for me. the arm length was great but the overall length was just too short :-( i'll be returning this one."	1
"I love the color, the fabric and the style (especially in the model shots) but in reality, the cut is disproportionate. the hips and hip pockets flare out creating a saddlebag look. it is not smooth and fitted as shown on the model. overall you need to size down since i could pullover the dress without unzipping. i think the felted boiled wool is great quality but a tiny bit itchy. i still recommend the dress because i will be wearing it with a long sweater coat which will hide the weird hip act"	1
These jeans are so soft! fit is great and i love he higher waist as well. i can tell i will be wearing the heck out of these.	1
"I had this in my cart for ages, waiting for a sale and debating the dress in general. i am delighted as it did finally go on sale, i bought it, and it is fabulous!!! my measurements are 36/28/39, i wear a 34d bra, and the small fit perfectly. the only problem i have had with it is that the lining in the front shows about 3/8"" at the bottom of the dress once i have worn the dress. what seems to happen is that the dress creeps up due to its wrinkling, but the lining does not, hence the showing. i"	1
"Gorgeous skirt. received so many compliments. the colors are perfect to match with many tops/jackets/sweaters....as well as different shoes/boots, bringing out the colors. i unfortunately ordered a large thinking it ran small and the large is too big in the waist so i will try to have it tailored. i like my skirts fuller in the hip area. i hope retailer offers more of this type of item. just adore it! for size i am a 8/10 in bottoms but since the skirt looked slim with out lining i ordered a large"	1
"Fabric is a little thinner than i expected, but just wore a camisole. the waist is a little short. nice batik-like pattern and feel."	1
"I like this sweater. i bought it in small and medium because it was 25% off and i didn't want my size to sell out. im keeping the small. im 5'5"" and 140 lbs and hourglass. the medium was way too much fabric. its still roomy in the small, but its lush looking and soft and will look pretty with jeans and high boots. i ordered the one in the beige as well but i think the lavender color is prettier in person. i think the beige may wash me out. hope this helps."	1
"J brand is by far the best premium denim line retailer sells! the fit on these jeans is amazing..worth every penny..also, considering it is a crop jean - warm weather wear - the denim weight is light and not too thick...the color is different from ordinary regular denim blue..lighter wash for spring/summer!"	1
"This is a great casual top. it is true to size and a light weight cotton blend. i am an xxsp which fits me perfectly and the tan and white looks crisp and clean. i keep finding myself choosing this top to wear with jeans, cut offs and white shorts. i am frequently chilly, even in the summer and like the long sleeve which i can roll up or keep down. i wish i bought the other two colors before they sold out in my size."	1
"Hi there,  if you are looking for a shirt you can wear all summer long; this is it! soft, a little darker than shown in the picture (which i like better), and super comfortable. it also keeps me cool in these hot june temperatures. a great blouse to throw on with shorts or white jeans, and it can easily be dressed up for casual fridays at work. it is definitely oversized, but no more so than all clothes these days. i stuck with a size small and usually wear a size 4/6 in tops. so, if you are ti"	1
"I ordered this online with fingers crossed, in my usual size m. it fits well, albeit a tad snug (although very flattering on my curvy frame). it is an unusual color for me, but i ended up loving it in person where you can really appreciate all the detailed woven patterns in the fabric. there is a slip underneath which ends several inches above the hem."	1
The colors of this top are even better in person. the blue is easy to pair with denim and there is no need to accessorize -- the print does all the talking! it is a bit wide on the bottom and the print material is pretty thin. it definitely looks like something not everyone else has - worth the splurge.	1
"Bought this shirt on a whim, and it surpassed my expectations. just enough business, just enough pleasure. i wore it with high waisted skinnies and wedges and stopped counting the compliments! excited to try it in other ways. it's summery in print, but fall ish in color, so i think i can get even more use out of it in the next few months."	1
"These jeans are beautiful. as the other reviewers have noted...they run very large...like 2 sizes, even then they are very stretchy. the embroidery is dark blue (looks black on screen)....lovely pair of jeans. if they had other colors i would by them!"	1
"This sweater/coat is great. it super comfortable. it's perfect for my california winters! it could be layered for colder areas. this piece definitely runs large- like really large. i went with an xs instead of my usual small or medium. it is meant to be boxy, and still is but sizing down allowed for it to be more flattering. i'd definitely say go in store and try it on, you'll love it!"	1
"This top is very pretty. it's a bit more voluminous than the picture would let on, but otherwise as expected. you can adjust the ties at the shoulder."	1
I'm in love with these leggings. they are super soft and comfortable. they look cute on and are great for working out or even running errands. very stylish too!	1
"Cute top and perfect for those hot summer days as fabric is light, but not sheer."	1
"I purchased this online because i just loved the gorgeous designs and embroidery. it has a unique cut to it as it has wrist holes but is otherwise open. i have a difficult time keeping it from falling off of my shoulders when i wear it over bear skin. i hope it will stay in place when i wear it over long sleeves or a sweater. overall i am happy with it, but i think it may run small as it hits the model at her wrists but hits me above my elbow. i am not very tall or long-limned so it seems strang"	1
"It's relatively light material; even if you layered a sweater over this i can't see it being good for winter. i'm in california so it's fine :) length is great - i'm 5""4 and it hits just at the knee. i'm a true size 2/small and this fit great, even though i have a curvier figure. pretty classic dress."	1
This dress is good quality but the designers today really need to design their clothing line with the busty woman in mind.	1
"I probably wouldn't have even tried this on in the store, but i took a chance when it was on sale. i put it on and it was immediate love. the fit is perfect. i am between a medium and a large and got it in a large. it is not boxy, but not too tight either. it feels well made."	1
"This dress is really lovely in person. the fit was perfect and the length not too short. for reference, i'm very busty at 38f and the dress actually fit! (i'm an xl usually, and the fit was tts) the only thing i'm not crazy about is the slip, it's more of a flesh toned color. i'll probably swap it out for a white one please make more like these, retailer!"	1
Very flatttering skirt ! super cute ! highly recommend !	1
Love this shirt. great shape and lightweight material for hot houston weather. washes up nice but does need some ironing.	1
I kept going back to this sweater as this goes with so many different bottoms! thank you retailer! i ordered the petite version since i am not as tall as the model so the length is perfect! the speckles of gray are beautiful and would frame any complexion! the fit if flattering with straight pants or short skirts.	1
I love this top. it looks exactly like the picture except the sleeves are not full length; they are closer to 3/4 length. the color is vibrant and the material is light and comfortable.	1
"Exciting design, beautiful fabric. love this dress"	1
"A nice alternative to jeans, good fit. i like the casual but edgy rocker look they have. will look good with booties and full length boots. i took the same size that i do in all pilcro pants."	1
"This dress is the opitome of summer! day or night, running errands during the day to a casual night out this dress will be that go to favorite. i feel it runs small on the top, i am large busted and i sized up for this reason and it still could be roomier...i wear a size 10 on top and for referance i got the 12. i will keep it as it is not uncomfortable but for a drees that lends to a drape on top i wish they would have made it roomier....imhave never had this issue with mauve as it is one of my"	1
"I purchased this top on 2 colors...a great go to....stylish, soft and very comfortable."	1
I wear this top with jeans or cords. i allways get compliments. it's comfortable and versatile. go down a size!	1
"I bought this sweater in the navy blue and love it! it's soft and not itchy, and the tie back detailing gives it that extra something special. i'm 5'7 and 38 d, waist line 27/28 inches, and the size m is a perfect fit! wore it yesterday to my son's 3rd birthday party with jeans and received a lot of compliments."	1
I got this tee for a great price online and i did like it a lot. i got it in medium and i might have liked it better if it was just a bit bigger or if the material wasn't quite so clingy. i decided it had to go back.	1
"The inseam is advertised as 28"", but they are more like 38"". i was hoping they were for short people, but they are for someone with very long legs, event in my tallest heels, i'd have to get them hemmed! just a warning to my short friends out there. the quality, fit, look was great, but way way way too long."	1
"Adorable fit. the lightweight madras fabric will be perfect for a hot summer day but not see-through. the slightly gathered bottom makes gives my petite frame a taller look. easy to wear, not fussy, no special bra needed."	1
"This is one of those 'i need one in every color' kind of shirts. need - not simply want. it is very well constructed. the fabric is the perfect weight and is sooooooo comfortable. the raspberry is a little more dusty rose than pictured online, but it works. i've only had the shirt a couple of day. in addition to wanting to wear it every day, the fabric has not pilled. i'm short-waisted, and i have not had any issue with the high-low hem or cropped length."	1
"I ordered size large and find it too boxy and long. love the hem, although the top is too long in this size so it's a bit hard to judge how it'll look in the right size. the sleeves are cute and different, a bit wide and flowing. be warned, it's sheer which is more apparent from the side view. i could clearly see the garment cleaning instruction tag through the bottom side hem. has potential but not enough for me to reorder in a smaller size."	1
"I bought this skirt yesterday and love, love, love it!! very flattering, will go with anything. i am 5'5, 127, and size 6 fit perfectly."	1
"The shirt fits loosely, but not baggy. beautiful detail on the back and shoulders. very soft and lovely material."	1
I ordered a regular size small. would have got petite small if available. still very happy!	1
These jeans are my favorite skinny jeans. they are expensive but so worth it. i had nordstrom reinforce holes with patches so they still look distressed but won't rip further. i wear these at least once a week.	1
"Love this romper! once on, feels comfy like pjs but looks put together. i find bending forward at the waist helps to get it off and on. tiny complaint is that the top snap shows, even when closed. that is minor. the rest is all good."	1
"Grabbed this off the sales rack-not expecting much-but it is a great sweater! like other reviewers mentioned-roomy but still form fitting. i wear it to work with black pants and boots and it looks great. cozy, warm, very cute. i usually wear a small but got an xs in this. a much better sweater than how it appears in the online pics."	1
These pants are amazing.  material on the thicker/heavier side.  the pants are very comfortable and very cute for the fall.  fits perfect	1
"I love this dress! i was so excited when i saw this hanging in my local retailer, just one in my size (it must have been a return). i tried it on and fell in love with it! i am 34b bra size, 130 pounds, 5'9 tall and an xs fits me great! i didn't find it to be tight on top for me, as other reviewers have said, and the skirt is very flowy. i have worn this dress so many times since i bought it and have gotten compliments on it each time. i bought the green color-- its a beautiful print, and usually"	1
"It's hard to go wrong with the charlie's, especially in this fabric, keep them coming!! i wrote a review on the brush strokes as well. they fit pretty true to size, i'd say try both your usual size and one size down as well, they stretch out a little, so if they feel a little tight keep that in mind. because of the texture of these pants you can wear so many more colors than just usual black and white trouser fabric. try wearing a burnt orange, green, or pink (the isabella sinclair grid wrap but"	1
"Let me start off my saying that i hate pants. i will wear dresses and skirts whenever possible to avoid them. however, i found these at my local retailer and just had to try them on because the pattern was so adorable. i have another pair of pilcro shorts that i love because they are so comfortable and have so much stretch to them that they don't make me crazy like other pants do. these were no exception! i love everything about them and am going to have a hard time not wanting to wear them every"	1
"I am 5'3"" 28/38 and i ordered the regular s. if i left it the way it came, it would have been low-waisted and too long, so i am having the waist taken in a couple of inches so it is now high waisted and the length is fine with heels. i did not opt to exchange for a smaller size as the derriere fit fine. it anyway does not define your shape much in the rear. agree that fabric is lighter than expected, but the color and drape are nice. it has stitched-in shorts that fall above the knee. i think wi"	1
"This fits tts.  it is body-hugging as shown on the model.  the knit is thin, soft with tons of stretch.  i bought the ""navy"" which is the color shown in the photo.  as you can see, it's not really navy.  it's a strange blue that's more like a faded dark mallard blue.  but, it's still blue.  the sleeves are long on me. so you taller girls won't have issues.  the ruffles move and are so fun.  the fabric, however, is not finished off.  it's raw cut material, which is why i gave it 4 stars."	1
"I am mad for plaid--this dress is my new favorite!! why? i'll tell you!! the picture online does not do it justice, but you must add a belt. the dress is cut lower in the front, but has a great stitch to keep it from gaping open over my d cup chest. the material is soft and breathable. the xsp was perfect for my 5'2"" frame, my typical size."	1
"These trousers are not lined. there is a wide elastic band that runs along the inside of these slacks that is not tacked down, which is a little cheap and probably to keep the price down but doesn't affect the overall fit. and they do fit nice. when your putting them on the fabric bunches at the crotch but then slims out after you zip them (zips up the back.) the fabric has some spandex in it but the lyocell makes them a great choice for work. they hit my ankle a bit lower than on the model. i'm"	1
I bought this dress to wear to a fall wedding. it is absolutely gorgeous! the actual fabric is much more detailed in person. sizing is accurate. the dress is knee length. there is a little tulle underneath to give it the a-line shape.	1
I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....	1
"I bought the grey version of this shirt in-store because of the cute pattern, soft material, and versatility of wear; you can dress it up for work or wear with jeans/shorts for a more casual look. the beautiful purples, greens, and blues of the roses look like a water color painting, and stand out against the grey background. i've already received multiple complements from co-workers and friends, and liked it so much myself i bought the other two colors! personally i think it runs a bit large, s"	1
"Ok, so this is true to size-- i recently had a baby (i gained a lot of weight), am in the process of losing it and took the risk of buying a jumpsuit online. i am 5'3 with a long torso, short legs, and a big fat butt so buying pants (especially rompers) are almost impossible. lengthwise, this fits me like pants. the draping is so flattering and the color combination is splashy but not loud. i had to review this as soon as i realized it fit. i don't think i've ever been so happy with an retailer pu"	1
"This is a gorgeous dress, but i did title my review ""worth the trouble"" because of the buttons which a few other people mentioned. i ordered this from the website and when i tried it on at home, a button snapped right in half. my mother put on all new buttons that were stronger but look exactly the same. of course, i shouldn't have to do that to be able to wear the dress, but i love eyelet and was willing. the new buttons cost about $2.00 so not a big deal in the end.  i agree with another revi"	1
"This is such a lovely top and i am so happy i was able to snag it on sale! trust the other reviewers that it does run small! i am normally a 0 or 2 on top, and i got the 4 - and it's a bit snug! it is very fitted below the bust, but that's what makes it look so nice on. i would definitely recommend, but know that sizing is off."	1
"This top is really cute and i think will be a great transition piece. i'm glad i tried it on in the store as it runs very small. i typically wear a 00 or 0 and bought this in a 2. they didn't have it in stock,so i ordered it and hope it fits."	1
"Like other reviewers have mentioned, i was hesitant to spend so much money on a swimsuit. after lots of searching and reading reviews to try to find a bathing suit for a newly postpartum body, i went for it. i am so happy that i did - it fits perfectly. snug in all the right places, and makes my extra baby pudge seem nonexistent. before baby i was a bikini-only kind of girl, so i wasn't sure how i'd feel in a one piece in this style. it really is better than i could have imagined. i highly recom"	1
"I needed to get this hemmed about 3-4 inches, but it was well worth it. this is a gorgeous, effortlessly glam outfit. the material is silky soft, with some stretch, and drapes beautifully. i am a 12/14 and got an xl-- i think a large would have been better (this had extra width at the waist, but it worked with the tie belt). i loved wearing this and felt comfortable all night."	1
"I understand what the previous reviewer meant when she says these are great for around the house. the yarn is thick but the weave is open so they are nicely springy but not very warm.  they look perfect with my birkenstocks so i'm getting then in all colors."	1
"I really liked this dress when i tried the navy on in the store. i am 5'4"", 140 lb. and the medium fit me really well. unfortunately, i am not comfortable showing a lot of leg so the dress was just too short for me. if it had come to the tops of my knees i would have gone for it but it was well above my knees. the fit and color were great though, i loved the neckline and the material was very soft and comfortable. i tried the large but, while it was a little longer, the larger size made it lose"	1
"I was a little hesitant to order this, thinking it would be too large and unflattering but thankfully i was wrong. this shirt is super cute and comfy. it is a bit of an oversized fit but the fabric drapes nicely and is quite flattering. my new go to outfit this fall will be this shirt with the sleeves rolled up, ankle jeans and my fave oxfords. i'm 5'3"", 115lbs and went with the size 4 regular"	1
"I love this top because the gold dots add a bit of bling to your otherwise average slouchy t-shirt. i didn't notice that the dots are actually 'distressed' until i got the shirt and then looked closer at the online pictures. worry not, they are supposed to be that way and do not peel off. the sizing is a bit odd but i assumed that it corresponded to xs,s,m,l so i ordered my usual xs (0) size and it worked out just right. i'm giving this shirt an overall of 4 stars instead of 5 because this shirt"	1
"I tried this on and think it will look great with leggings and boots. it's very flattering without being too tight or too baggy. some of retailer's clothes are just too full and baggy for me and make me look large. i am 5'4"" 140 lbs and ordered the medium which fits perfectly. i ordered both the navy and yellow, but the yellow has not arrive yet."	1
"Really cute dress for work. fits exactly as i expected. this dress is very comfortable and looks put together on days when you're being lazy and just want to ""throw something on""."	1
I am very happy with my purchase. it is a great sweater! very easy to wear and cute! i am very sensitive to scratchy wool products and this one is very soft. i highly recommend it.	1
Just received this dress and i am in love! the colors are beautiful- perfect for both summer and fall. the fabric is very soft and the fringe detail adds a nice feminine touch. i was disappointed when i missed out on the first fringe stripe shift dress from holding horses at the beginning of this summer. it was completely sold out in my size 0. however when i saw they restocked the dress in a new color (and now lined yay!) i had to buy it. would defin recommend!!	1
"I tried it on while out of town. i was concerned about getting it home but i kept thinking about it. i purchased it online once i got home. the colors are beautiful. it's a swing dress with quite a bit of ""swing"". this is perfect for me because i'm sensitive about my mid section. i wore mine with 3.5in brown sandals. my husband said i had ""legs for days"". i'll take that as a great compliment. i usually wear a medium but could have worn the small in this dress. i preferred the medium because it w"	1
"I absolutely love this dress! when i wear it i feel so graceful and pretty. the belt allows you to tie it so that if your weight fluctuates up or down, it still looks great. i think i'm going to be wearing this dress all summer. love, love, love.   i think my only quibble would be that the lining on the inside fits more snugly than the dress itself, and when i was walking it rode up (it's like a stretchy mesh type material). but i'm carrying a few more pounds than i'd like right now. once i lo"	1
I was excited to order this dress based on the reviews. it was better than i expected. the fit is perfect and one of the most comfortable dresses i own. the fit is flattering and i will get plenty of use out of this one!	1
"Bought this in navy - going to buy another one in a different color!  it fits my curves beautifully!  does not look ""boxy"" like other tunic sweaters.  i also disagree with other reviews, i cannot see through it."	1
"I absolutely love these jeans! the rise is mid so it is perfect, not too low and not too high. the embroidered flowers are gorgeous and so unique. these pants scream retailerpolgie to me. i had to buy them as soon as i saw them because i know they will go fast. pilcro denim fits great! i ordered these online as my store didn't have them. i ordered my normal size 26 (2) and they fit great. i have an athletic build and they fit me like a glove with comfy room. i can't wait till the temperature gets"	1
"Love, love, love this dress. you can dress it up with high heels, or down with sandals . a mid weight material with seperate slip that serves as a lining . i am athletic , 5' 7"" and 132 lbs and bought a size small. i have broad shoulders , average waist , short torso , small hips and long legs. in the spring a denim jacket would look perfect with this dress."	1
"I purchased the blue, and i love the style and fit of the shirt. i worry a bit about the slit showing too much cleavage in certain positions, but my friends have assured me that it is work appropriate. very flattering, and i received a lot of compliments when i wore it."	1
"I love this shirt, it's easy to belt. i just wish it was tighter."	1
"Tried on a size 2 regular and it fit well, felt incredibly soft and airy, and is handwashable. i'm 5'2"", currently 33-25-37 or 38, with narrow shoulders and torso, somewhat long-waisted but petite from bust to shoulders. i often wear a size 0p or 0 in retailer dresses and tops. the arm holes were a tiny bit low, but not terrible. a petite would have been shorter, but also more of an empire waist. the pink really is more of a red like the online photo; great color."	1
The cut is brilliant-the wash is subtle-the weight of the denim is sturdy but not stuff-and the stretch is just right. love it. the perfect staple. a scarf in the fall and rolled sleeves in the spring.	1
"The petite was a little bit long on me (i'm 5'2), but it otherwise fits true to size and is very soft and comfortable, breezy. covers enough that it is work appropriate or for something outside. a keeper!"	1
Flowing top that looks great with skinny slacks... makes a great and comfortable work outfit.	1
"I ordered my typical 6 petite and found that the buttons were pulling at the bust ( i'm 34 b) and at the waist. i'm returning and ordering a size 8 petite because i'm a sucker for a shirtdress and a cute novelty print. the quality is nice and the length was perfect for my short 4""11 frame, now only to wait for it to be shipped! oh how i wish petites were available in my local store!"	1
Very pleased with my purchase! the subtle details within the dress add to its simple elegance. very soft and comfortable; definitely recommend!	1
"As other reviewers have pointed out, this jacket is way prettier in person than it is in the photos. i can wear it with just about anything. the fabric is soft and lightweight, and drapes really nicely. my only complaint is the photos make the taupe jacket look like it has just a hint of peach/mauve, but in person it's a pretty standard beige. i would have liked that hint of color."	1
"Very happy with the fit, sizing, and look of these shorts."	1
This sweater is very nicely made...i got a lot of compliments the first time i wore it. it's a light sweater and looks great with jeans! love it	1
"I wanted to love this dress, and i don't. it is soft, it is flattering on the model, and sits comfortably on the shoulders... until you move. the heaviness of the shoulders pulls the fabric back, causing the drape along the bottom to look odd, and unflattering. so sad- i wore it to lunch with my husband, but felt like i was constantly pulling the shoulders/sleeves back into place... i won't pull it from my closet to wear again, very often."	1
"Bought this for a summer wedding, it fit great and i got a lot of compliments!"	1
"I love these pants! comfortable, light and can be dressed up for work and down for the weekend. the color is a little more saturated in person, but can't really complain about that too much!"	1
I got this sweater in navy and it is much cuter than online! it is a great transition sweater and also i can see it used on cool nights at the beach. i have worn in professional environment to work as well as with a tee and jeans. i love it!	1
"A cute dress, though waist a little too high (more of an empire waist... hitting at widest part of rib cage). this looks like it should be a stretchy knit dress, but the detailing has no give whatsoever and the dress runs quite small. i usually wear a 00, but though i could get it zipped, it wasn't comfortable, and if i want to keep it, i'll need to size up to a 0. i'm 5'6"", 32b-24-35."	1
"I have the t shirt from last year and i love it so could not wait to try the dress. why didn't you make it in petite? it can work with some tailoring but petite sizing esp since this runs on the big side, would have been ideal. love the navy, will try the white. how about some more colors and petite?? please??? more t shirt dresses in general too please!!"	1
This dress is a fun idea- but the one i received had misaligned pleating so a few of the rows of sequins were tucked into the pleat- it threw the lines of the dress off. i ended up returning it but i think it can be amazing if you get one that looks like th stock photo.	1
"Lovely sweater! it's a new staple in my wardrobe. love the fit and styling, but what drew me in at first sight were the colors. it's warm and cuddly."	1
"Wanted to buy this dress, but the bust area was way too small. as i went up sizes, the torso began to be too long, and i would have to have it altered, i guess. what a shame. but, if you are small chested, then this is your dress."	1
This coat is super yummy! i'm always in need of something stylish and warm at the same time. definitely was happy with the weight and lining on this garment.  *highlight: i always get compliments on it when i'm out.	1
"I get nervous shopping online, but this top fit perfectly - wasn't too long or too short. it has nice flow and dresses up or down depending on the look you're going for. i got the off-white with blue polka-dots and love it!"	1
"I am a pilcro hyphen girl, and now i have these pants to love as well, super comfy and cute, the print is nice and subtle. i'm usually a 29p but the 29 regular is fine."	1
"I am sadly returning this dress, but i would recommend it! it is soft and i loved the design of the dress. very comfortable. the only reason i am returning it is due to my figure. it is a fitted dress and was a little more revealing that i would have liked."	1
"I do recommend this dress with some caveats. 1: it'll be difficult to find a bra that won't show straps, and 2: it's very figure flattering so if you're body conscious, particularly tummy"	1
"I am so pleased with this top! it is slightly fitted - i am 5'3"", 110 lbs, - and have trouble finding tops that are flattering but not too form fitting. also it is 100% cotton, which is a definite plus. as of now it is my go-to top - looks great with jeans or leggings."	1
"I read the previous reviews, but decided to try it out since retailer was having 40% off sale items. it looks very flattering on me, and great fit for my body type. i would recommend."	1
"Nice t-shirt. the print is very nice and the fabric is soft and flowing. i love the baseball cut, it gives it a different look."	1
"So happy to say this dress was built for my body type.  i'm heavier & wider in my upper body so the cut of the bodice/halter fits perfectly and comfortably.  going in at the waist and flaring out to a soft a-line, the skirt pleating lays just right since i have no hips or booty.  yes, the fabric is heavier weight, so i wouldn't recommend wearing in hot & humid weather.  i love the unique print & colors!  i do not own anything in this color combination.  the retro vibe is strong in this one so i"	1
These are form fitting and have a great wash. the size runs large so i would say consider to go down one size than you usually wear. the bottom tapers so they are great to wear wtih flats or can easily fit into boots.	1
"The design is stunning, the color is universally super-flattering. it's a lovely top. so much so that i tried it on even though it was pricey. but the armholes are huge. you can see it on the model, who is definitely not wearing a bra. on me, there was a lot of side bra exposure. if they'd had smaller sizes at the berkeley store, i would've given them a shot, but my true size was a really poor fit."	1
"I've got a bit of a love/hate relationship with this top. the fabric feels a little odd and wrinkles crazy hard, and i'm not a fan of the open ladder ribbon over the bust (really? who needs to see the top of my bra?). but i love love love the overall fit, the details (like the polka dot trim and the sheer tucks) and the color (blue green). it looks good tucked in or loose, and i can layer it under cardigans and jackets. i'll get a matching ribbon and sew it in under the ladder ribbon so it's act"	1
"I bought this at the retailer store the other day and i wore it to work and i received so many complements. it has the perfect amount of swing and hides your middle without looking frumpy. i got the blue color and wore it with skinny jeans and ankle boots. the red is really more of a bight pink color, not a rich red as pictured. i wish it came in more colors and patterns...maybe green or purple? it does run big, i usually take a large, but a medium was perfect."	1
Love this dress. i wore it with black boots and got so many compliments super comfortable.  i feel like this dress will never go out style.	1
These pants are awesome - please make them in other colors besides black and navy!	1
"I just bought this top in size medium and i love it. super comfortable and flowy. if you want to dry it in the machine, just put cold air and it won't shrink. don't use hot air..."	1
"I am normally a 4, but they only had the white in size 2, so i tried it. i was pleased to see that it worked out just fine because it is meant to flow, therefore has plenty of fabric. it is very graceful and very pleasant to wear. i don't know how to explain it, but i had to take a second look when i saw it on the photograph because i was not sure it was the same blouse. much better in reality than on the picture."	1
Such a great purchase! it can be dressed up or down and seems to go with everything! great for summer!	1
Beautiful choice...beautiful fit for my daughter's slim body	1
"This dress can be casual, or you can dress it up for going out. i just love this dress!"	1
"These pants fit well, are cute, and are comfortable. they are a nice alternative to jeans."	1
"I get more compliments on the stress. it is perfect for work, perfect for summer night concert, perfect date night. love this dress!"	1
I love the tie dye and the accent stitching. back detail is fun!	1
"If there ever was the perfect feminine dress, this would be it ."	1
"I rarely write reviews on here, but this coat deserves a mention.  i have wanted a trench coat for a long time, but my build and coloring are not flattered by the traditional beige/khaki coat or cut. i leapt when i saw this one and immediately ran to my local store to try it on.  it is not *really* a rain coat, but more like a charming layer in the style of a coat. it's lightweight, soft fabric that swings really well - but also gets slightly wrinkly. the color is lovely and the buttons are"	1
"I fell in love with the color and peplum design of this top online, and decided to order it. the fabric is soft, but strong, and the color is just as pictured. perfect for a casual shopping day or lunch date out with friends."	1
"Love, love, love this jacket! i'm able to dress it up or casual. the hint from a review i read to button the lapels back worked awesome. good quality, has a bit of stretch for bulky shirt to wear underneath. would definitely recommend if like the military jacket style."	1
I tried these on in the store and didn't buy them with the other items in my 'yes' pile. i couldn't stop thinking about them and ended up ordering them. they are so cute. the fabric is a nice weight. they have little stretch.	1
"Beautiful dress! love the colors and fit. can be dressed up or down. the only negative is that the buttons fall off. this is my third dress and it too lost a button the first time i wore it. i don't live near an retailer store so i will be keeping it anyways, as this is already my third dress :( my advice would be to reinforce the three buttons as soon as you buy it. there is one at the top, front of the dress and one on each sleeve."	1
"You would expect anything woolen to be slightly scratchy. this is incredibly soft. i couldn't belive it's veltevty soft texture when i pulled it out of the carton. i had to check the content ag immediately to comfim. the cut is not too fussy but slimming and the sleeves are nice and long. it was a little dissapointing that the usual attention to the styling on the back of the piece was missing here. it's a straight, plain back with no darts, plackets, peplums or ruching."	1
I don't buy many jackets (retired) but i think they are still useful. i had my doubts about this jacket -- like could they really get the trim straight at this price? but they did. the jacket is casual but sophisticated. i got the grey and the color is just as pictured. i will probably wear with dark jeans and i see several creative mashups with things in my closet. i am pleased and i think you will be too!	1
"This is much prettier and beautiful in person. the fabric is light - but it's perfect for the summer"	1
"I absolutely love this top.....the color, style, fit..everything! i took another reviewers advice and sized down from my normal large to a medium. i have had so many compliments wearing this top. it is very feminine, flows nicely, hangs well. love the color. can't recommend this enough!"	1
"Love this top for casual days. fits perfectly, fabric feels quality and color is bright but not too bright. good length, just touches top of my thighs."	1
"The colors in this cardigan are not what they look like on line. the top is navy and the lower arms are grey. the sweater overall has more punch than pictured. this is a cotton sweater and a great fall layering piece. it will look great with a tee shirt and jeans. it is a long sweater, but not too long as to swallow a smaller person up. i also really like that the front is not too flowy. i am looking forward to wearing this all fall."	1
"I've been wanting a higher-waisted, button-front skirt. this one was perfect because of the texture on the denim.. it makes it dressy enough to wear to work if you are in a business-casual setting. i think it has a ton of versatility for multiple seasons. i'm normally a 0 or 2 in dresses (5'6, 118 lbs) and i ordered a 0 in the skirt, as the natural waist is a little on the large side. i love it!"	1
"I love this skirt... i have it in black, and when i saw this color i was so excited to add another one to my wardrobe. these skirts are made  well... it's not flimsy at a all. the actually color is more of a light aqua blue, so if you are wanting a baby blue might not be for you..."	1
This is a great skirt that could be worn to a wedding or worn more casually with a cool tshirt. it is not too puffy and the inner skirt is stretchy and more fitted. i had to size 1 size down. really nice.	1
"This dress is very comfortable and casual, but in a high quality fabric that makes it great for a summer dinner with dressy sandals. i don't think a bra can be worn with it which i don't mind at all but might be a problem for others."	1
"Tried on today, this dress has the most soft dreamy fabric i've ever felt. unfortunately for me, strapless dresses are not flattering on me, but for anyone looking for the perfect summer strapless, this is it. i am sad that it didn't work for me."	1
I saw this on one of the gals at my local retailer and fell in love. it is the coolest bomber and i instantly fell for it. i went with my normal l and i will be wearing this all fall and winter long it's just so unique and eye catching	1
"I love this dress so very much! i wish i could keep it, but it doesn't look right on me. i am 5'2, 100lbs, 32b, 24 waist, 33 hip. dress fit me well except for the fact that it made me look very wide. i think the combination of the ruffles on the sleeves with the blousey-ness and my short stature was not a great combo. it will be amazing on tall slender women, but did not flatter my short frame :(  otherwise beautiful"	1
"Super cute, well made, great embroidery. waist runs big."	1
"I ordered this top in white and i was really excited for it to come in! once it once delivered and i tried it on it took me a second to decide if i liked it or not. i think i ordered it a size too big (i ordered a large, i'm usually a medium). it was somewhat boxy, but i think paired with the right pants and shoes it would be just what i wanted!"	1
"Very well made and would flatter the right body type. i sized up to a medium (normally size 6), but the front part where the wrap came together did not cover me. the only thing you could see was the grey liner. i'm not sure this one was not sewn incorrectly, or it ran terribly small. i have had success with bailey 44 in the past so maybe this one was just not for me. the quality of the fabric and design are well done."	1
"Love the design! fabric is very light and flowy. i like a tank underneath for a little extra coverage. runs a little wide. size down. such a fun top, i've had tons of compliments! i usually wear a size 8 and i purchased a medium but wish that i had sized down to a small."	1
"This is a wow dress as far as fit if you are a voluptuous or hourglass figure  woman. i have  a 38inch bust and the medium fit perfectly...the whole dress fit perfectly. i'm so glad i took a risk and ordered it. i wish it was made from a better material  like cotton versus polyester, but it has such a nice fit that i'll forgive the material choice."	1
"I bought these about a month ago in the sky blue - gorgeous color! i was a little disappointed because they fit bigger than i normally wear my pants, but i decided to keep them anyway. they are the most comfortable pants i've ever worn - butter soft. i have dressed them up with a nice top and suede booties, and also worn casual with a baggy sweater and toms. i highly recommend these pants!"	1
"I tried on the 00p in the store as a return, adn though it would fit (super stretchy)hte dress ended up mid thigh for me... gorgeous design and make though, the buttoning is incredible, buttons and clasps to keep the dress closed. love love, wish htey still had my size (0p or 2p ) to try if hte length would be better (or regular size)"	1
"I absolutely adore this tunic, however, i followed the label and hand washed/hung dry and it shrunk! i was able to exchange it, so i will be taking it to a dry cleaner to see how it needs to be cleaned. for reference, i purchased a regular xs...i am 5'2"", 120 lbs."	1
"I got the orange motif skirt in s. i'm 5'3"" and 130 so it fits snugly but doesn't need hemming, which is great when you're petite. i love the design and that it has pockets, but it's a very full skirt and seems to visually add a couple of pounds to your middle if you have a shirt untucked over it. but it's beautiful worn with a tighter shirt tucked in. the color is more red than orange to me as well which is a plus!"	1
Ordered these online and they fit perfectly. i was looking for lightweight pants for hot and humid summer days and this pair is exactly what i needed. the striped pattern is cute and adds some color.	1
I was so surprised by this jacket! i grabbed it as a last minute thought and then when i tried it on i was in love! i have a pink dress i'm going to wear it over but i also love it over a frilly off white tank or even just over a basic t. i am so excited for cooler weather. be warned its not lined or warm. its more of a shirt than a true jacket but it's perfect for fall in california. i wear a small or m and went with a medium on this one.	1
Love this dress but wish the lining was full length - will be removing this liner and using a different slip underneath!	1
"I'm 5'5"" and about 115, 35-36"" hip and small bust - the xxs petite is a nice fit, and doesn't hang straight down as it does on the model. it has some shape around my hips, and the slit is slightly above my knee, overall legnth also shorter than shown (good). it's not colorfast when you receive it, so be careful wearing light colored underwear (and maybe wash with only very dark colors the first time or two). i tried a regular xs in store at first, and it fit more like the photos - more of a beac"	1
"These pajama pants are dreamy in all ways! incredibly soft, with a soft and not binding elastic waist. plus, the print is evocative.  i am 5'8"" and a size 2/4. i bought these in the store. the only size left was one pair of xs. sure enough they fit.  the length is perfect.   i just ordered a pair for my sister."	1
"I tried this on in the store and thought the flowy fit and asymmetrical hem were great. the fabric is thin, which is nice for summer, but lined at the top half so it's not transparent except below the knee. the waist is quite high and has flexible elastic for an easy fit. i liked the skirt a lot and came online to find it in petite. sadly, it is sold out of most sizes in the petite length. i wish antrho would order more of the petite sizes because they seem to sell out fast!"	1
"I'm 5'6"" about 120 and usually a 0/2 in retailer... the size 2 in this skirt fit at my natural waist perfectly with enough room to move comfortably. on the hanger and from the photo i didn't think i'd like it, but once on it's really pretty and the fabric looks so nice, it has great movement, and is really flattering."	1
I love this dress. the fit is great for tall girls i'm 5 9' and the length is perfect. can be dressed down with cute sneakers or up with heels. every time i wear this dress i get a ton of compliments and it is so comfortable.	1
"I love this blouse! it's very flattering- gives the illusion of an hourglass shape. the fabric feels soft and flowy, and the pattern is pretty; it does need a camisole underneath because it's kinda sheer. it does run small! i usually wear a size 0 in retailer clothes, but i bought a size 2 in this shirt and the sleeves are still very snug around my forearms which is unusual for me."	1
"This jacket was a gift for my daughter,it fit like a glove and she loved it !"	1
"This dress is so flattering and comfortable. i bought it in xs and it fits perfectly. i'm 5'7"" and weigh 135 - i usually wear a small but the small would have been too roomy on top. i got so many compliments on the dress (in blue) that i ordered it in green as well! perfect combination of comfort, style and flattering fit."	1
I like the design and the size/style but the fabric is different than expected and not quite as comfortable as possible. but i still like it and will keep it.	1
"What a wonderful find! yes, it runs big. .. and beautiful! love the quality, and design. very light and airy. this is great for me because i'm not short & i am busty & i love tunics. this item can be dressed up or played down with class. the lining is a perfect complement to the tunic as well and fits nice with the garment. i am usually to busy to write a review, but i felt obligated on this item. five stars!"	1
"These shorts work well for shopping, running errands, or spending hours on dirty baseball bleachers. they are not too short and are true to size."	1
"This sweater is super cute. it has nice weight to it and is just a nice casual but attractive piece to wear with jeans or white pants. love that it zips and just a really cute pattern of marigold, mint/teal and grey/dark gray."	1
"I was on the fence about this top, because i don't typically do longer tunic styles. however, it really is quite lovely. i paired it with long jeans, wedge sandals, and a delicate necklace - so pretty! it fits very nicely and i was surprised at how much i liked the length."	1
"This dress is very beautiful and looks great on, however had to downsize one size."	1
"I am 5 feet and 120 lbs. i ordered the honey. quality was excellent. no button issues. fits true to size. i ordered a small petite. my issue was the chino fabric was too casual. it's okay. if it were on sale i would keep it, but not at full price. color is as shown in the honey. no issues on arm length. but i like mine a little longer. it's kind of menswear. which some gals would like. i am a 34 c and it only looks good buttoned up on me. i'd say if your on the fence give it a try. it's tts."	1
"I really did want to love these jeans but i had to return them.  im a size 10 and a little heavier in the thighs and got a 30. the rise is just to high for me and the thigh was very tight.   the denim felt fabulous they just fit me a bit funky."	1
I ordered this in black and in the print and i am super happy with both. the fabric is very soft. i've worn it with denim and khaki shorts as well as with a cute skirt for work. very versatile.	1
Love it! perfect casual look with a jacket and booties	1
"Love this dress.  i like that it is somewhat form fitting but also has a nice swing to it.  green color is nice for summer. bought a similar maeve dress last year and it was all cotton like and soft, this one has a soft top but a different material on the bottom.  a little scratchy and crinkly.  wish the entire thing was as soft as the top"	1
"I bought this dress to wear to a fall wedding and couldn't be happier! i'm very curvy (34dd-28-43) and the medium fit like a glove. the fabric has a great 70's vibe while the fit is extremely classic. i have never felt more beautiful and received many compliments. i am 5'6"" and it hit just to the top of my feet. i highly recommend."	1
"I love this piece! like another reviewer i did notice a broken button right out of the package but it was so great in every other way that i'm going to keep it and have that mended and the buttons reinforced.  i'm 5' 7, 140, generally a size 8/medium, small frame on top but baby growing hips ;) -- i found it tts"	1
"This dress is very well made and the fabric hangs beautifully. i weigh 125 and usually wear a small but sized up to medium for a longer sleeve and hem. the print, fabric and style make it appropriate for daytime or evening. it should transition nicely to fall and will look great with boots."	1
"So this is available in the store in a reddish coral color, see the #your retailer pictures and you'll see someone wearing it under the gray blazer. anyway, i tried it on and the fit was very flattering for a tunic. the front of the sweater hit me just at the waist and the front draped nicely. somehow the back was slightly hugging my back side but not tight or restricted. i ended up ordering the black and navy online because the fit was fantastic and will go with so many things. nothing shee"	1
"I love this dress! high quality dress in a classic style. the cotton eyelet detailing is my favorite part and really elevates this from just another black dress. it is a swing silhouette (as described in the product description) so there is a little more volume than a regular dress, but that's what makes it fun and breezy! great dress, can't wait to wear it when it gets a little warmer."	1
"I love these bottoms. great colors. i also love the feel of the bottoms, very soft. high quality."	1
This elegant tank made me feel as if i had been transported to downton abbey. the velvet trim and the lovely embellishments of sparkle have an art deco delight. the swing of the fabric was playful and flattering. it's easy to dress up and dress down. fantastic top!	1
"I bought 2 in the store.  i usually order large petite but i was in the store which doesn't have petites, so i tried a large, and it was tight in the bust, but i loved the shape.  i ended up buying xl's and taking them up at the shoulders to make it a petite fit.  gives me a small looking waistline."	1
"I have an hourglass shape, so this skirt is winner for me. classic a-line fit but with a modern hem. it's subtly shiny, very stylish, and comfortable. paired with a tight shirt and heels it looks extremely sexy. a sale price makes it all the sweeter."	1
This shirt looks and feels fabulous. i got black and white and received a ton of compliments. wore with boots and leggings and fun jewelry.	1
"This sweater is very nice. i bought it online recently with a discount on the discount and felt i got an amazing bargain. it is not larger than expected, but is not exactly the fit the model's picture implies. it is a roomier design. nonetheless, it is well-made and all wool, instead of that mystery mix of fibers that sometimes is the case with things described as ""wool"". the one thing that might be more discouraging to online buyers is that the color is not the lovely blue the picture depicts,"	1
"Although i'm returning, this is a cute top. the embroidery design on the front isn't really my style. it's a bit aztec-y for me."	1
"This sweater is so much cuter in person than as pictured. i bought the lovely red one today. i got my usual size, xs. i plan to wear it more fitted as a top rather than as a jacket, although i can still layer it if i want. the color is divine. the weight is just right, not too heavy but not too light. sometimes peplums overwhelm me, but this one did not. it hits at just the right spots and is flattering all over, particularly making my waist look small."	1
"The pics online for this dress are horrible in comparison how stunning this dress is in person. just received it and far exceeded my wildest expectations! it is elegant, classy, and an understated sexy! the colors are rich and vibrant.......gorgeous shades of plum and blue....a unique color combination that is gorgeous! the open mess dress with the solid under layer is a wow! beautiful and flattering fit. it is a 10 !!!! i ordered my usual size and i would say it is true to size, but slig"	1
"Pictures do not do justice to this beautiful piece of art. the embroidery and jewel detail is exquisite. just don't plan on holding any kids or pets, you won't want to snag it or them."	1
I purchased these jeans in my regular size.  they are a slouchy slim leg that looks adorable with flats or heels.. i could have sized down but wanted the slouchy look. they are very stretchy and soft. have worn a few times and they retained thier shape...	1
"I tried hard to make this work because it is beautiful, but ended up returning it. first, it is very delicate material - i was terrified trying it on. second, i just couldn't make the drawstring work for me to achieve the fit i wanted. third, it was too low for me and would need a cami over the slip. while i didn't think the colors were as deep as the picture, it was still pretty. i could have possibly gone down a size to fix some of my concerns, but then i know it would have been too short for"	1
This is a great top. i almost walked right by it because it is so simplistic compared to the other things in retailer. i just wanted something super casual and this fits the bill. the fabric is a dream and it has a nice drape without being overly voluminous. i usually love white tops but the white was my least favorite. i ended up getting the moss and the gray. i could have gotten either the xs or the s. i went with the small because it was a little longer and had a wee bit more room in the upper	1
"Love this top! you can definitely wear this out with jeans or with dress pants for work. it can be dressed up or down, so it's very versatile. the red motif is a gorgeous color for spring and summer. received lots of compliments!"	1
"The petites fit perfect!!  these are so comfortable, i will get much us out of them!"	1
"Tried one at the store. love the look and feel of this pants. so soft and flowy! sizing runs large. for reference, i'm 5'4"" and 115 lbs. xxsp fits just right. highly recommended!"	1
"I purchased this dress in our retailer store. i usually wear either a 0 or 2 petite (5'1"", 115 lbs.). i was able to wear a 0r in this and it fit perfectly. i paired it with a sparkly belt from retailer for a cocktail party and received lots of compliments."	1
"I stumbled upon this vest in my local store and i'm so happy i did. i was looking for a classic staple that will be on trend but pass into classic season after season. i wore this with a black 3/4 sleeve top, dark skinny jeans and black booties....perfect look for most seasons in dallas. so happy about this purchase!"	1
I loved this top . it is beautiful.	1
"This is a beautiful dress. the detail is amazing, but it runs a little small. i'm usually size 0, but i had to go up a size in this dress. its cut a little too tight, and there is no give in the fabric. otherwise its stunning!"	1
"I adore this little sweater- the pictures don't do it justice. i'm tall, with broad shoulders and small chest- the cut and design of this sweater is so flattering. colors work with denim or any neutral, and the weight is perfect for spring or early summer."	1
"It was a little on the thinner side (fabric), a little more sheer that i would have liked. i actually prefer that it doesn't have the straps in the back, i didn't order it before until i read the reviews. fit loosely. the shirt is comfortable, and the back is beautiful (love bows), tbu the front was just ordinary. for the price, even on sale, i didn't feel i absolutely needed it, but if you are looking for a hite tank, it is pretty cute. (ivory, not pure white).  xs: 115 lbs, 60 dd."	1
"I purchased the green in xs and it fits perfect. it's very flattering. also, i purchased the blue in xxsp (only size available), but it was too short."	1
"After reading all the reviews i figured at 40% off i could at least try it. i'm 5' 3"" and typically wear a m or size 10. i ordered the m, but as other reviews stated the arms were tight. since i'm expecting it to shrink, and want it to cover my booty, i ordered 2 colors in the l. it's exactly the oversized, slouchy look i wanted, without the neckline being too low, but will still be ok if it shrinks. i'll have these dry cleaned to minimize shrinkage. it's a wardrobe staple that looks great with"	1
Beautiful warm vest. originally bought small but had to exchange for extra small. i love that it reversible and has a hood.	1
"This is a beautiful quality knit. i do wish that it was a tad bit longer...i'm 5'7"" with a long torso and found it to hit like the model shot. since the sweater flares a little at the bottom, i think it might be more flattering a little longer. keeping this regardless because it will still get plenty of wear."	1
"I have purchased over 7 byron lars dresses. i'm addicted to his style and perfect fit for the curvy woman. whether you are a 2 or 12 you will feel beautiful and if you care to present yourself on the occasion as a most lovely lady that oozes of mystery wear this dress. throw your next day dirty hair up with any classic retailer pins, barrettes or headband along with a strong lip color with earrings only. or go nude lips, smoky eyes and heels. this dress carries itself. don't over accessorize with"	1
This tunic is super comfy and will look great with leggings or skinny jeans. i absolutely love the detailing on the sleeves. i am so glad i ordered this item!	1
"This sweater just arrived in my mailbox and it's already my favorite piece of clothing. it is the softest thing i own... and it feels so luxe. as the reviewer below noted: yes, it has pockets. they are slit-style pockets (probably why you can't see them in the photo) and the opening is trimmed with the same cable detail featured on the front of the sweater.  i'm also a professor... but i still get mistaken for a grad student so i don't mind appearing ""professorial."" i'll probably wear this to th"	1
"I love this top...i waited for it to go on sale, and it was well worth it. it has a peplum bottom and it is slightly longer in the back. i found it to be true to size but if you are going to but reaching up, the arms do run a little tight. overall, the mock neck, button closure on the back, and the feminine flare of this top create a beautiful classic look"	1
"I was very patient with this dress. i was waiting almost forever till this dress gets on sale. when i tried my usual 6 size it was way too tight but i could zip it. ( i am 5'6'' 145 lbs). the dress covers my knees and it's a perfect length, so when i sit it does not show too much of my length so it's a work friendly. it has side pockets, which can be very comfortable as well. the cut is great, it's a line,the thickness of material makes belly look great (in case if you care). i also like color a"	1
"Love love love this tunic. it has panels that don't really show up in the picture but the panels make it lay really nice. it's great over leggings and skinny jean cords. could even wear it with opaque tights. it's great for work, play or evening. i bought the navy blue with the heart print. i love it so much i'll probably get the green and the red when they go on sale. this is a pricey top. for reference i'm 5""3 128lbs. 32ddd fits great all the way around and the length is perfect - mid-thigh an"	1
"These jeans are amazing. they are so comfortable.  they have a great amount of stretch but do not sag even after wearing them all day. i am 5'4"" and 135 lbs and purchased  my usual size 27. i did have to have them shortened  but only b/c i bought in store and did not have the petite online option. i have worn them on several occasions. great purchase."	1
"I bought this for a wedding i will attend 10 months from now. when i saw this dress on sale, i just need to get it! it was simply gorgeous!!! it fitted so well. it makes one feel so special. i like the addition of the belt."	1
"I felt like a 12 year old wearing my big sister's dress. it's a bit too roomy and long for my frame in my normal size large, hitting below my knees. the top part fits my large, 34g chest nicely but it becomes a wide a-line through the hips. the fabric is a bit thick like a sweatshirt knit so it doesn't flow softly over the body. the fabric of the lace vee insert at the hem is thick and looks awkward.  i love the black and white stripes. very striking. would love a top in these colors and fabric,"	1
"I love this dress and received many compliments when i wore it. the pink is beautiful. however, it does run large so i will need to exchange it. the little square at the base of the neckline was crooked on the one i received. might not bug anyone else, but it bothered me."	1
I'm anxious to wear this dress with boots. i love the colors and print. perfect for work and evenings out.	1
"I got this to wear as a beach cover-up over bathing suits. if you purchased a darker color and were small chested (i.e., you could go braless, since a bra won't work well with the low back and armholes), you might be able to pull this off as a very casual dress. i bought this in a xs in the coral/peach (i'm 5'7"", 129 lbs., 32dd) and it's not super see-through, but i'd never be comfortable wearing it as a dress on its own. as a beach cover-up it's cute and comfortable, but as a dress it would be"	1
"I was hesitant to buy this because some reviews said that if you were busty it would fit tight and awkward across the chest.. i'm petite, 32c, 5ft and purchased the xsp in white .it is gorgeous! it fits a tiny bit big and i think i could have gotten away with a xxsp, but i like the flowiness of this size i have so i'm keeping it. it does not feel tight across the chest at all and hangs beautifully. i love it! the material is gorgeous and it is well made."	1
"This is a great ""go to"" top. it isn't too low, too tight, too dressy or too casual. i'm 5'1 and ordered a small petite. it fits perfectly, especially under the arms, (where tops always show my bra) & it doesn't go ""too"" low. i have to admit, i purchased the dusty rose color, i'm not sure how great it complements my olive skin, but i love it anyway."	1
This dress is made well. love the design and the colors. i ordered a size 2 and it was smaller than i expected. but overall quality of this dress is so worth the price.	1
I had this in my cart for a while online and ended up finding it in store. the medium fit good and looked great. i can't wait to wear it with a great pair of leggings. i did have to buy some static spray as it was sticking to my leggings i had on that day buying it.	1
"I am 5' 4"", a size 8-10 (size 29/30), and my figure is apple-ish. i can't pull off peplum tops because they are too tight for my shape and they flare out at an unflattering spot. all of those ""rules"" go out the window with this tankini.  first, swimsuits are supposed to be tight, so that problem is eliminated right away. second, the flare-out is perfect for women that want to hide their tummies. i don't like how swimsuits are generally tight in the tummy - that's the area that i'd like to hide t"	1
"This dress is gorgeous on the hanger and even more gorgeous on. definitely runs big though, so sizing down is probably best."	1
"I love the details of this top, from the pleating to the sleeves, the pommed edges and the black lace at the bottom. the material is soft and comfortable. the fit is flowy and the details are feminine yet simple. it's light weight which will be nice in warm weather. and let me say once more how much i love the sleeves."	1
"This is such a pretty top and a great multi-season piece. i love the colors and pattern, and the cut is flattering. it's not too low cut in the front which is nice. it is woven on the front/sleeves and knit in the back so i'm a little nervous about how it will wash. i usually wear a m in retailer tops and a l in tiny (they usually are truly tiny) but in this tiny a m was good."	1
"This shirt is one of my favorite retailer purchases ever! it is well made and is perfect for work or the weekend. the first time i wore it, i received so many compliments!"	1
"It goes without saying that trenches are timeless. but this one broke the mold with its femininity in the flare and the (finally!) different color. i saw this and put it in my cart, debated, and went back a few days later (as i always end up doing, because i could not live without it) and it was no longer available! i was devastated and could have kicked myself. but i waited a bit longer, went back on the website and thank god - retailer had ordered more from the designer and had replenished stock"	1
"I tried this on in gray while in store, it was the cuff detailing that initially attracted me. once i tried it on there wasn't a lot i loved about it so it didn't leave with me but now that it's on sale, it's the perfect choice. i'm wearing a medium in the photo, and the only real downfall is how long the arms are on me and i have long arms. maybe sizing down would help but i fear i have too much winter weight to hide to take a small. for reference, i'm 5'6"", 145 lbs curvy hourglass, generous hi"	1
This top is really pretty & i think i will be happy when i pull it out in the spring to wear it. the only complaint is that the front is very sheer. you have to wear an under shirt of some kind.	1
"I ordered the blue in size xl. it's even prettier in person. the fit runs a little smaller/shorter on me than shown on the model. i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. i love the detailed stitching. it is delicate and can catch. my dog's claw pulled on it and i had to reweave the thread back. i've washed mine twice, reshaped & air-dried. it didn't shrink much at all. it's perfect for spring & summer. i've gotten a lot of compliments on the shade of blue. it's really so pretty."	1
Loved this top and was really happy to find it on sale!	1
Excited to get this sweater! i'm a 38c and usually wear a size 14 blouse so i ordered an xl as i don't like clingy sweaters. this was perfect; fitted but not tight. i'll be able to wear this with jeans and cute boots for lunches or nice slacks and heels for a dinner date. wish i could've gotten it for the 25% off + free s/h but glad i didn't wait - this size was sold out first.	1
"First, i received mine with the back button (by the neck) busted (the part where you insert the button was loose, so could not button).  i ordered the yellow one, and was surprised how yellow it was when received. it is brighter than the picture shows, not bad though. the cut of the dress is nice, very ""sweet"", i liked that it was flowy and the lace was beautiful to me. arms were a tad tight, only because i have muscular arms. stil lable to wear it.  i ordered the 0petite, and it fit. i am 1"	1
"Bra s great, but it has a lot of push-up padding. this might be nice for smaller cup sizes, but for a 34dd, it was a little overkill/unnecessary."	1
All i really need to say is this is the perfect layering piece. i love that you have a choice in the neckline that you want to wear. form flattering and is true to size.	1
"This top is so lovely. the fabric is thick and soft, and the drape is phenomenal. i did size down based on reviews, i typically wear a large and the medium is perfect, nice and flowy and very flattering."	1
"I purchased this jacket in green, x-small a while back and wasn?t 100% sure about it due to the size. i?m 5?3?, 117 lbs and a 33a and thought it was a little snug so i tried on the small and that was way too big so i kept the xs. i have worn it a few times and it does look great however i can only wear thin tops with it. recently i purchased the black, x-small and this i love. it?s looser then the green so i can get away with thicker tops.  i do recommend both jackets. they are pricey for what"	1
I rarely write reviews but had to comment on these pants. these pilcro pants are my favorite for the fall and winter. they fit beautifully and are a great alternative to jeans. the pants are so comfortable and flattering. love the print and they are so versatile as they can be worn as very casual pants and can be dressed up. i am in my 60's and am always looking for clothes that are stylish without being too young looking for a woman my age. retailer is my favorite store!	1
"These jeans are so comfortable and do not stretch out enough to size down, in my opinion. right when i put them on i could tell they fit perfectly. i have been buying pilcros for several years and have not been happy with the stet ankle jeans from the last 2 yrs because although they were very flattering when you first put them on, they stretched out so much it was annoying.  these script jeans are amazing, flattering and are a nice lightweight denim. i wore them a few times before washing and"	1
"I purchased this shirt in two colors. it was a bit longer than i was expecting. i'm curvy  5' 2"" 180 lbs 36dd and the large fit perfectly."	1
Lovely dress but runs at least a full size too big.	1
This top fits well as expected for the size. i love the ease of the top and wear it both casually and a bit more dressed up. great styling on the back.	1
"This jumper is so cute, it is soft, and you can dress it up or down depending on where your going."	1
"Absolutely love this top! i've been on the lookout for a cute cotton top, something that'd be ideal for summertime. this beautiful piece doesn't disappoint. the color pairing - white cotton base and lovely red thread embroidery - looks stunning. not the mention the unique back detailing makes it a must-have. highly recommend."	1
"This is my first romper and i am in love.  so comfortable and easily dressed up or down.  i am usually an xs, small, or petite small in retailer brands.  the xs worked best for me.  the petite small was too big.  i am 5'2"" and the length of the xs is perfect ankle length.  i was nervous to put it in the washer on delicate cycle but it came out perfectly."	1
"For anyone who loves lace. it fits pretty true to size. the size m length hits just to the top of the knee. i' 5' 4"" tall. to lighten up the dress just a little so that it does not look as some have said ""frumpy"" i hemmed the liner so that the liner hem is half way up on the ruffle. this makes the dress look less heavy, more fun, and repeats the openness of the lace on top. love this dress! will be wore a lot for summer evenings out."	1
"Beautiful design and soft, warm wool. warm enough to have on outside in the fall (i live in pdx), and also stylish enough to keep on inside. buy the right size (not too big) because it's meant to fit on the waist and the skirt swings out from there!"	1
"These are so great! love the fabric weight ( light ) they look great on - the pictures don't do these justice! i tried them on in the store with a black sleeveless crop top (you couldn't see any mid skin) and it looked great together, might have to go back and get the top! they do look great with just a black tank as well though!"	1
"Love the fit....not so tight you can wear a short top with these, but not slouchy either. color goes with everything. for wrinkles, i hung them and sprayed with water...wrinkles gone. bought 2 pair for traveling."	1
"It is a pretty dress but runs large, i usually wear small and i ordered a regular xs because they are out of petite... it fits and since i am pregnant it works but it is a little large around the waist... the lace is beautiful and the quality is amazing"	1
"I ordered this in xs, i'm 5'4"", around 115lbs, and it fits perfectly. the material is very soft, but not see-through, and the romper is well-made. i wish it came in other colours, i'd buy more!"	1
"I've been searching for the perfect gray cardigan and i knew i had to have this one! unfortunately, the first cardigan i received had two obvious pulled threads so i returned it. i took a chance and ordered the cardigan again and i'm so glad i did. it is so comfy and goes with everything! my only concern is how it will hold up as it is already showing some fuzziness after two wears. if this makes it to the sale price, i would highly recommend."	1
"The dress is lovely and fits true to size. i like the petite fit. i would note, however, the dress length does not match the description. the description states the dress falls 45"" from shoulder. i measured it at 40 inches. it is definitely shorter than i was expecting."	1
"Hi, i love this top. it not only is femine but it is wee bit sexy. it could be worn in the office then out for happy hour"	1
Love the color (cedar). love the style. sleeves are long and wide but that is the style. biggest surprise is that this sweater is not cropped. the length given in the product info is very short. but when i received my normal size (l) the sweater comes to my hips. just right. the fibers are man-made (acrylic) so that makes this sweater not too warm and not itchy. the weave is close enough that i do not need to wear a cami underneath. when the weather gets colder i will add a nice cami under the s	1
"Love the tunic. rich color. longer than i thought. i am 5'9"", 140 and it almost comes to mid thigh. also ordered medium - it is roomier than anticipated. but looks good loose and flowing. overall love the tunic, the shape, style and will have big fun wearing it."	1
"This dress is made well and fit nice. i am 64"" and 135 lbs. i really wanted it keep it but it is going back. the colors in person are much more muted and with my pale blonde hair and fair skin the color was all wrong."	1
"This dress is perfect for wearing in autumn (and beyond)! it will look great with casual flats or sneakers while it's still warm outside and it will be very stylish and cozy with a denim jacket and boots when it's cooler outside. it runs large in the skirted portion of the dress, like last season's similar floral dresses by this brand. the dress is a medium weight rayon and is not lined; some people might want to wear a slip or half slip or wear leggings with this dress for modesty. as for the c"	1
These pants lived up to expectations. the fabric is very soft and did not wrinkle in the dryer. i am normally not a big fan of cropped styles but love that these have the gathered leg and can be styled dressier or casual. i thought the cargo pockets might stick out too much but they lay nicely. i feel i will get a lot of use from these and the best part is they are not constrictive and they are super comfy.	1
This body suit is super flattering and super comfortable. i'll probably order it in the other color.	1
"This is the kind of blouse you want at your reach when dressing on a humid day. cotton enhanced with beautiful detail. a very classic timeless, ageless piece. i bought the medium, which fits perfectly (size 8 top, 34f). my only ding is that the neck opening should be stitched less deep; there is a gap. funny thing is that, in the photo, the model's blouse is pinned exactly where i'm talking about. i didn't take off a star because i had a dressmaker fix the problem, but this was annoying. i wore"	1
"I wanted to love this dress - everything about it was so beautiful - except the fit , the length, the neckline ... i tried on a 4, 6 and petite 4. i'm 5'5"" 130 32dd - the top of the dress runs small/tight - so i needed to try it on without a bra. the length on the regular is to the floor/with the petite to my ankles. the print was beautiful and like in the photo, it flowed nicely but there was just too much fabric - maybe it was just the design for me - it did nothing for my figure at all"	1
"I bought these cords in navy. the color is beautiful and the fit is great. it is a very slimming fit. i am usually between a 27 and 28, i ordered the 28 and they fit perfectly!"	1
"Cute jacket, but size didn't work on me. 5'4, 135 lbs. normally order s or xs in tops, but m in jackets. ordered the medium, but way too long everywhere. i can get by with regular a lot in retailer, but definitely ordering the petite to see if any better. not sure it will be enough though as arms were quite long."	1
"Love these level 99 pants. ""newport"" style. dress them up or down. wearing mine today with a moth top i also got at a. looking kind of 70s chic. light jeans for a hot day."	1
"This vest is much silkier than the pictures online show, which was a great surprise. the cut of this vest is beautiful and it can be worn so many ways!"	1
"I've been looking for colored pants and these are the best!  i am typically a 10 or 12 in pants and the 30 fit well. i tried on the rose color and loved those. the fit was great, though they wouldn't be long enough on me if i tried to unroll them (though you can). i liked how they fit my butt, hips and thighs, which is usually the most important part. i find that lots of colored pants accentuate the cellulite on my thighs too much, but that was not at all the case with these.  the fabric is"	1
This skirt is stretchy and really comfortable. i love the color. the only complain is it gives a little magnification to the low belly- on me at least. very flattering for the behind though.	1
Nice fabric and cute design. a little low cut.	1
"This blouse is great to wear almost anytime! it can easily be dressed up or down depending on the occasion and the accessories. it has a bit more volume around the waist then the picture shows - but that could be because i'm bit more ""well endowed"" than the model. i'm 5'0 and size m/8. this shape looks great on my curves without making me look chunky or stout. the image makes the color look black, but in person the color can pass for a really dark blue in some light. the textile of the fabric is"	1
This jacket is beautiful! the embroidery is very well done! the jacket is fully lined in black. i usually wear a l/xl and definitely needed the xl as it runs a little small.	1
Saw this top online and knew i had to have it! it's unique and gorgeous with the split back and two-layer design. the top layer is thicker and almost like a brocade/tapestry design with rich purple and yellow tones. the under layer is sheer and lightweight. i was able to wear this early in my pregnancy and it totally disguised any bump i had from co-workers. this is def one of my top 10 fav tops now!	1
"I'm in love with these jeans! they come very long, but it's easy to cut them down where you want them since they are not hemmed. i have a short torso so for me they were high waisted, but still flattering, which surprised me! for reference, i am 5'2, 105#, and i got the size 24."	1
Cute design and interesting back feature. runs a little big and is comfortable and flowy.	1
"I'm an xl in retailer blouses, and this blouse is the same. i'm guessing women with a thin frame might size down, but i can't say for sure. i purchased the white blouse with the floral pattern. there is a narrow band on the bottom, but it isn't tight, so i didn't find it to be a problem. i usually don't like blouses with banded bottoms, but this is loose. the band does cause the blouse to blouse out a bit, but the fabric has a really nice drape to it, so it worked fine. the fabric has a gre"	1
"Don't know why but i didn't have high expectations for this dress. turns out it's uber flattering! makes my waist look tiny, accentuated bust. perfect for those of us with straight figures looking for a little more curves. bottom half of dress has heavy silky linking. top half unlined and a bit thin. color is almost pearl -- very very light gray. i'm between xs/s (33b-26-36, 5'8"" 120lb) and went with a small. hits an inch above knees. sleeves slightly loose through upper arm which is always bett"	1
"I got this in black. it can be casual or dressy. very lightweight, comfortable and flattering. i ""collect"" black tops (since i rarely wear any other color) and this is now one of my favorites. i think it looks totally different in the black than it does in the other colors -- more refined, less casual. this runs quite large. i am a 0-2 but needed the 00 in this top."	1
This coat is very nice. it's soft and the colors are great. the only reason i gave it a 4 stars and not 5 is that it runs huge! i normally wear a size small to medium in tops and i like a bit of moving room in my coats so i ordered a medium. when i put it on i just started laughing. it was so huge. i wanted to exchange it for an xs to see if that would have been small enough but it has already sold out in that size. i think this could be a big win for larger sizes but unfortunately for me it did	1
"Love these pants! super comfy and casual. i found they run true to size and are just lose enough to feel casual, not sloppy. my only complaint, the cuffs of the jeans were thoroughly covered in some kind of animal hair! very disgusting. but love the jeans."	1
"I loved this top when i laid eyes on it online, and in person, it did not disappoint. it is a beautiful and unique top. the color is striking and the style is adorable. i can't wait to wear this with some flare jeans and espadrilles."	1
"Love it! as a previous reviewer stated, you can actually wear it reversible. so happy i purchased it!"	1
"This is a beautiful, well made jacket. also, it's very cozy and warm. unfortunately for me, it was too short and wide. i ordered the petite, but it was still too wide which also made it look too short. not flattering for my small frame."	1
"This top has the thickness and comfort of a sweatshirt, with artistic flair and a figure flattering, unique cut. it works very well on me as i'm a petite large. i only wish it was a little roomier, or that i was 10 lbs lighter, but it's stretchy and i really love wearing it. the color is a rich indigo with a slightly worn look which adds texture and dimension."	1
Love the material and how the back is longer than the front! adds style!	1
"I've been wanting to try the cropped pleated pants style and i like these. the material is nice & comfortable and the bow adds whimsy. compared to other brands i've tried, these pants fit the best. the waistband goes up higher in the back so there's no gapping (a big plus for me). just one thing, i find cartonnier to run small so i would suggest ordering one size bigger."	1
"Walked into the store and the first thing that caught my eye was this dress. great pattern and fabric, a quality, versatile piece. i am a size 4 and purchased an xs petite, seems to run just a tad big."	1
This dress is absolutely darling! it is light as a feather and floats on the body. the fabric looks almost handpainted and fits like a dream. i disagree with the previous poster and i think it looks very rich. super comfortable and i know i'll get lots of wear out of it. you can dress it up or dress it down. love it!	1
"I saw this shirt and it was love at first sight. i have never had so many strangers randomly compliment me until i wore this beautiful top. fits great, looks even better."	1
"These are super comfortable. i love feeling like i'm wearing pajamas in public but being properly dressed, although i wear them around the house often, too. i don't regret spending this much money on these pants, it was worth it since i'm wearing them so much."	1
"Although this isn't a soft top, i didn't find it that scratchy or bothersome at all. it's 55% linen! and, for linen it's soft. it's also got tons of stretch which makes it very comfortable as far as movement.   i bought the black, and i do not find this sheer or see-thru. it's a light thickness which makes it perfect for layering under a jacket or sweater for a cool spring or warm fall day. i found it running tts, with the sleeves and length a little long (i'm petite) making perfect for the av"	1
"I am just over 5'8""and i found that these pants hit me in a weird spot on my torso, almost creating a muffin top that i don't normally have. in addition, they were too short on me to give the chic and modern look of cropped ankle pants. on my frame, they fit more like capris from the late 1990s. both the construction and execution of the pants are otherwise fantastic."	1
Very attractive and well fitting. absolutely recommend it.	1
"When i saw this sweater, it made me think of the 70's chic trend thats very now but due to the colors (my favorite tones) it would be something i would be reaching for for years to come. i love it combined with jeans but i also worse it over a dress (see photo) - i am wearing it over corey lynn calter floral dress ""paeonia dress"", and i paired it with the ""rosebud layered necklace"". i got two of this sweater as i want to have one for when i wear the first one out :) i am 5'6"", 127 and even thoug"	1
This dress is so cute but it definitely is highly as other reviewers have stated.	1
"The prints are very cute and flattering and the material is thick. i'm 5'2 107lb and 32c and got the xsp, my usual size. the shoulders and sleeves fit perfectly, the neckline is a little low (questionable for work). the fit however is off on the waist -- which is not as pictured. it is more of an empire waist ad barely even clears my boobs, so i doubt even a regular xs will change this much. it isnt a flattering look on my frame altho the prints hide it somewhat, except from the side view. also,"	1
These are so comfy. i will wear them for 3 seasons. so worth it - especially on sale.	1
"This is a very nice turtleneck. the variations in the ribbing are a modern (and flattering) touch. in some of the photos online it almost looked to me like there are color variations - fyi there are not. all the ribbing areas are the same shade of black. ---------- unless you are very small framed, i would recommend sizing up; or, if you typically wear a m or a l, go with the l. as reference i have wide shoulders (wider than my hips), large biceps, and a 34b chest, and i went with the l because"	1
Beautiful design and perfect for warm days. it has a lovely open back with the perfect amount of loose fitting flow.	1
"My local retailer store didn't have this item in stock so i ordered it online. maybe it's my perception of color, but in the photo the top block of color seems to be more of a muted blue/purple while in person the color is navy and the other stripes are far bolder than the muted colors of the photo. i still really like the look overall (even though i usually go for more neutral tones) and it running a little large made the sleeves of the size small long enough for my 5'10'"" frame so i may end up k"	1
"I love this dress! the fabric feels amazing & is super flattering. i am 5'4 with broad shoulders & a 36d chest and went with the small petite. i originally purchased the regular extra small which looked great, i just think the sp was slightly neater though the shoulders & length. it hits me above the knee as shown in the photo of the light colored dress with the long vest"	1
"Love this dress. i wear a size large, but had to return and order a medium, planning to wear with boots. it's a light dress, cute for work. the only downside is that it wrinkles easily."	1
"I liked the simple styling of these jeans when i saw them in the store. the price is right considering what some jeans cost today. unfortunately, these are made in china. that bummed me out. they run a tad bit small but in the end i think they are more true to size because they give especially in the waist. the higher waist is a nice change. it's nice to be able to skip a belt. the denim is a bit rough after air drying so i hope it softens up."	1
"Very nice top, fits true to size, a little short buy looks nice with jeans or work pants"	1
I wish we had cooler weather in california so i could wear this more often. i bought this sweater/coat on sale plus an extra 20% off so i got a great deal on it. i love this sweater! it looks matronly in the picture but it looks very chic and sophisticated in person. the sleeves hit above the wrist as shown on the model. it does have pockets. it's the right weight for chilly weather.	1
"The colors and textures on this top are fun. however, the boxy shape isn't very flattering and poofs out a bit around the belly. maybe it would look a bit more feminine on someone with a curvier chest. i would size up if between sizes because the top part around the arms is not very roomy. i tried it on at the store but decided to pass because the xs was a little tight around the arms but the s billowed around the belly too much. still a cute piece if it works for you fit-wise."	1
"My husband saw this in the store while shopping with me and asked me to try it on. i don't normally go for patterns like this, but i thought it was cute and springy.  i tried on a large first, since i prefer to cover my belly and allow for my broad shoulders. (i'm tall, big boned and 175 pounds) the large actually stuck out funny at the bottom and didn't do much for my shape.  the medium, however was great! it was long enough to hide my belly and cover enough of my waistband that i wouldn't"	1
"This is just the cutest dress on. i love the way the plaid comes together in the seams and the fullness of the skirt. i almost didn't order it, but then i left something in my cart too long and it was gone. this was my next choice. i haven't had the chance to wear it yet. but the wrinkles pressed out beautifully and it is hanging in my closet waiting for an event. i will wear it without a bra since even with my strapless, the bra shows in the front. i think if you want to wear a bra it would be"	1
"As a curvy, short gal, finding a nice button down that isn't boxy or way too low cut is like finding a gem. this shirt is perfect for work, and i love how flattering it is. my only reservation is that it is more sheer than i would like, and so i need a camisole with it. i wish this style came in more colors!"	1
I saw this in the store in blue and loved it. wore it and received lots of compliments. just bought the second color online as there is free shipping today. great dress for work as the weather is warming up.	1
Very cute and comfortable dress. run true to size. i usually wear a 4 and the s fits nicely. stretchy and soft!	1
"The fabric and color is stunning. very well made. i'm 5'8"" and this romper works fine. it is long enough in the body. true to size. love it!"	1
Perfect fit and i've gotten so many compliments. i buy all my suits from here now!	1
"Pretty cut out design. it is a great length for work but it is also unique enough to get compliments. the skirt seems true to size but the waist does not have a lot of ""give."" in this regard it may seem a little small."	1
"I got this dress for my younger sister who's in the process of losing weight. she's currently wearing a size 12 with comfort room but can occasionally squeeze into smaller sizes depending on the product. this dress is deceptively true to size. at first glance it looks like a roomy dress but the inner part of the dress zips up real tight. as a result, the boxy top part of the dress doesn't look too big and is in fact very flattering. the dress is very silky and looks as high quality as its price."	1
"I ordered this in size xl. the fit is true to size. it fits me as it does on the model. the draping is very flattering. i'm a pear-shape and this shape works well. it definitely needs a tank underneath. you could sew a bit of the top to keep it closed. otherwise, everything can show. i like using different colored tanks to pull out the colors in the pattern. the quality of the material is outstanding. the print looks so much prettier in person. it's very vibrant. the photos online, at least on"	1
"My hips are very narrow and i don't have much of a waistline. in a-line skirts and anything that sits below the waist, i wear a size 6. skirts like this with a defined waist almost never work for me because of the waistline. if this is typically your style of skirt, i think it will run large because the waistline is more generous than usual.    i tried it on in the store today and bought it in a size 8. it's very comfortable and cute and will be easy to pair with different things."	1
Beautiful dress that is very flattering! wearing it to my bridal shower.  more appropriate for spring or summer!	1
"I love this! great quality and flattering. i'd definitely agree that it runs true to size, as i had to size up because it was the only size available, and it is a little large in the stomach and rear, but it works well in the chest area. the v neck isn't too low and the sides provide good coverage up top. also, it covers the rear end well! material is nice and thick and the seams are good quality. super happy with this purchase, just wish it was in stock in the smaller size so it held me in more"	1
"I love these pants. they are beautifully made and appear to be very comfortable. now if i could just get them buttoned! i am a size 8/medium. i bought the large after reading other reviews. i'm not joking when i say i can't button them. i am in such love with them (and still hoping to lose some baby weight), that i am going to keep them in hopes to wear them!"	1
"I had been eyeing this top for awhile so decided to snag it when it went on sale. i'm still on the fence. i love the material and pattern but it is really long, and i'm 5'10"". it looks very roomy with jeans but i still want to try it with tights and boots to see if that looks better. overall i think it is a great piece."	1
"T.la makes the best tees. soft feel, sophisticated color layering, and a body skimming shape -- all retained after multiple washings. versatile, too. other tees fade, stretch out, shrink. not t.la. a gem."	1
"At 5'4"" i typically order petite clothing...i was unsure of this dress/tunic-shirt from the photos online, the reviews and the hi/low hem. i ordered xs and pxs (about 118#). both fit as far as shoulders and through the body but the pxs was way too short on me to wear as a dress without any leggings. the length of the regular xs works great and i feel is appropriate for someone my age! it is buttery soft and so comfortable. i ordered the suede wrap belt to go with it. also, the sleeves are too ti"	1
This top is super cute. the color is beautiful and the lace detail is very feminine. im a 36c and got the size small. it fits great.	1
"Modern, unique, versatile; love it paired with the essential culottes. usually size 4/small but got the xs, otherwise the armholes dipped down too low as did the back hem of the sweater ("	1
"I bought this dress as a consolation prize when another dress i wanted didn't suit me. i was shocked by how flattering it was, because on the hanger it was just ""meh"". the material is soft jersey, heathered, and it hangs well. it has a simple lining, but that doesn't interfere with the fit. it is a little low for my personal taste, so i wear a cami or scarf, but for those less well endowed, you'd probably be fine without one. for the record, i typically wear a 2-4, 125 pounds, 5'8, and 32 ddd br"	1
"I love tracy reese dresses, but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations, shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress."	0
"First of all, this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me.  second of all, the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath.  not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning, but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!"	0
I have been waiting for this sweater coat to ship for weeks and i was so excited for it to arrive. this coat is not true to size and made me look short and squat. the sleeves are very wide (although long). as a light weight fall coat the sleeves don't need to be as wide because you wouldn't be layerng too much underneath. the buttons need to be moved at least three inches in for a nicer fit. i thought about redoing the buttons myself but the sleeves looked even more out of proportion with a tigh	0
"I ordered this 3 months ago, and it finally came off back order. a huge disappointment. the fit wasn&#39;t so much the issue for me. the quality of the wool is subpar. someone else mentioned a &quot;felted wool&quot;...i guess, is that what you call it?  it does literally feel like felt! super thin, itchy, doesn&#39;t drape very well, and feels cheap (made in china). i got it on sale, but still not worth what i paid. definitely going back."	0
"I am pregnant and i thought this would be a great sleep bra. it's soft and fits okay, but it has zero support or shape. i would only buy if you are a b cup or smaller and can get away without support. if i would have seen this is the store, i would have passed over it. however, i was too lazy to return so i am wearing it. it's comfortable so that's a redeeming quality. i would not recommend for larger chested ladies, though!"	0
"3 tags sewn in, 2 small (about 1'' long) and 1 huge (about 2'' x 3''). very itchy so i cut them out. then the thread left behind was plasticy and even more itchy! how can you make an intimates item with such itchy tags? not comfortable at all! also - i love bralettes and wear them all the time including to work. i am a b cup. however, this one is so thin and flimsy that it gives no support even to a b cup - so for me this would only be a lounging bralette - if it wasn't so itchy!"	0
"I really loved this top online and wanted to love it in person. it is soft and the patter is okay in person. the neckline is higher than i am used to. also, there are two buttons in the back that must be unbuttoned in order to wear the top. it is difficult to button them behind your neck with the top on. unfortunately i had to return this item..."	0
"Why do designers keep making crop tops??!! i can't imagine this would be flattering on anyone, especially someone average height and well endowed on top. i looked like a football player. the pattern and fabric are gorgeous, so if you are like 4' tall and super tiny and can fit xxs this may work? i am between a 6-8 and fit a small and it was huge on me and almost was bigger at the bottom than the top. such a weird cut. there is a cami underneath so if it rides up that will show but that is so 80s"	0
"The zipper broke on this piece the first time i wore it. very disappointing since i love the design. i'm actually going to try to replace the zipper myself with something stronger, but annoying that it's come to that."	0
"I was really hoping to like this, but it did not look the way it does on the model, at least not on me. the sharkbite hem is much more pronounced and looser. the one in the photo looks like it was pinned back. i am 5'8"" and usually wear a medium or large. i got a medium and there was a lot more material on the bottom half than the photo shows. it made me look bigger and was not flattering. material has a nice weave but it's thin and delicate. i bought the (holly) deep olive and the blue. colors"	0
"Really cute piece, but it's huge. i ordered an xxs petite and it was unfortunately extremely wide and not flattering. returning."	0
"I usually wear a medium and bought a small. it fit ok, but had no shape and was not flattering. i love baby doll dresses and tops, but this was a tent. my daughter saw me try it on and said ""that's a piece of tablecloth."" it's going back."	0
"I was very excited to order this top in red xs. so cute, but it was huge, shapeless and support thin! it had to go back. i should've looked at other reviews."	0
The fabric felt cheap and i didn't find it to be a flattering top. for reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40.	0
"Runs big and looked unflattering. i am petite, might work on someone taller."	0
This is so thin and poor quality. especially for the price. it felt like a thin pajama top. the buttons are terrible little shell buttons. this could not have been returned faster.	0
"The design/shape of the dress are quite flattering, flirty and feminine. but.... there is no way that the dress i received is new. the color is a faded washed out red and there are black stains all over the belt area. there is no tag... the fabric looks droopy and laundered and is not crisp, stiff or new. i am very disappointed by the quality of the item that i received. undoubtedly this one is going back.  dear retailer - please make sure that you do not send pre-owend clothing articles to"	0
"First, the fabric is beautiful and lovely for spring and summer. i really wanted to like this top, but the fitting is so awkward for me. i typically where a 0/xs, and sized up in the shirt to a size 2. it was very tight and pulled funny across the chest (size 32/a). i also found the cut at the shoulders very narrow (need a strapless bra) and made it look unflattering overall. had to return this one back to the store."	0
"The title says it all....this fabric of this top is both the best and worst part of the design. the colors are vibrant and the combination of materials (shoulder is a knit, sweater-like navy fabric) is interesting. however, that is where the positive comments end on this one. the top is so scratchy,, stiff, and, frankly, uncomfortable. i cannot imagine wanting to wear it. it could benefit from a lining, and that might have solved the problem of scratchy, itchy fabric.  the stiff fabric of the bo"	0
"The colors are vivid and perfectly autumnal but the fit is a mess. it was overall too large, the waistline curves up in the front and then falls into small pleats which was maternityish, the waistband was thicker than the dress and sat away from my body and the material was a cheapish poly. had the outer dress been made from the same material as the lining, i would have liked it better. the modesty closure was a plus but the dress was already unraveling when i took it out. #returned"	0
"Online, this looks like a great sweater. i ordered an xxsp and found that this sweater is much wider in the middle than pictured. in fact, i'm pretty sure they pinned the shirt in the back for the picture to make it appear slimmer. unfortunately, this sweater will not work for me, as i am an hourglass shape and this shirt makes me look 20 pounds heavier."	0
"I was worried about this item when i ordered it because of how it looks in the picture, but i had wishful thinking. i should have gone with my gut! this shirt does not have the same quality as all my other retailer purchases. it is see-through and flimsy. the bottom is just like the picture, it hangs in an odd rumpled way. the top is very flattering though, so it's a shame! if the bottom fit nicer like their other products i could have gotten away with wearing a cami under it to make up for the qu"	0
"I was minimally torn over whether to return this but ultimately it's going back because the knit is just too thin. i thought it would be cozy and be of normal sweater weight but it's not. and because it's so light, the swing effect doesn't really come off. nothing special."	0
Love the fabric of this shirt even though it was thinner than i expected. it is soft to the skin and flattering. however i returned it because it is made for women with long torso and shorter shoulders.	0
"The skirt that i received had very little blue or green in it, and was mostly white, yellow and some red. the fit was fine but the quality for the price was not there for me. the lack of quality and the disappointment in the quality equals a return."	0
"Bought a large, could barely pull up over my butt. runs extremely small. it's cute but if your not a stick figure, this is not the suit for you."	0
"The shirt is absolutely cute looking. but that's just that....looks. i'm 5'2"" size 6 & wears m to l top. i tried on the medium in the store, it was rather flowing. i liked it. but i didn't like how it fit on the underarm area. it hung very low. so i ordered a petite m. still the same. plus the store the lighting was dark so i didn't realize how see through the shirt was too. had to return it."	0
I have a similar pair of capris from retailer and when i ordered these i thought they were the same in a different color. these are less flattering and i may not keep them.	0
"I loved this dress from the moment i tried it on. so flattering to my postpartum body without being a huge tent. soft fabric, and for a white/lightly striped dress, not sheer. i'm bummed because after washing only twice (followed the instructions to wash) on gentle cycle and low tumble dry, holes started appearing everywhere, both on the cream ribbed hem in the front bottom and all across the chest, in the white part of the fabric only (it looks like the black stripes are holding the holes toget"	0
"Like the other reviewer said this top is extremely wide and boxy. it must be pinned in the picture online. it's very frustrating when they do that. thank goodness i didn't pay for shipping! for reference, i'm 5'2 and 135 pounds and bought the xxs, it's going back for sure. i'm trying to lose baby weight, not trying to look pregnant!"	0
"I wanted to love this sweatshirt, but alas, it is going back. upon opening and unfolding, the first thing i noticed: the dots and not solid. they are sort of distressed looking, with parts of them missing. secondly, it doesn't have a lot of structure. it's soft and kind of floppy but in a weird way. it's just not flattering on me. it looks more like a pajama top than something i would wear out of the house. for reference, i ordered the 3, and i'm usually a 10/12 in tops."	0
"Like another reviewer mentioned, this shirt is way too short. i'm only 5'2"" (xs) and there is no way this top would tuck in like on the model. also, the quality isn't great as it's very thin and there are strings hanging from some of the seams in the front. it's a shame b/c the print is really pretty and there is this cute little bicycle charm on the tag which makes it feel more unique. sadly, it's going back!"	0
"This top was way too short (i'm only 5'1) and way too wide. the cut of this top was so wide, it looked like a tent on me. i really wanted to love this top because the material and style (sleeves, ruffle) are beautiful, unfortunately there is something wrong with the cut. i've have several blouses made by one fine day, which fit nicely, for some reason this top did not. i ordered in my usual s size, even going to an xs would not work because the cut is wrong."	0
"This blouse is so beautiful - the collar, sleeves, material...everything except the cut! it was like a tent. it needed to be more tapered, which would be easy to do while still maintaining the beautiful breezy flow, and be about two inches longer.  i had been drooling over this top for awhile and was so disappointed! please fix it and then i will buy again. i am 5'4"", 140lbs and busty...a small was perfect, with the exception of the massive amount of material."	0
"Not a coat by any means, merely a thin wool boucle like sweater with a cheap thin synthetic lining ---and i also would never want the lining to be seen by anyone if i were to set the sweater on a chair or be helped in putting the thing on. the length and bulk is hard to layer under anything else and isn't pretty enough for a spring coat..sizing is also 2 sizes larger than anticipated."	0
"The fabric was nothing special (i usually like a cotton/silk blend woven fabric, but this was stiff feeling) and the pattern was cute. but what made me return it was the fact that 1) the rose gold glitter dots are puffy paint. literally. puffy. paint. and 2) the dots were not quite dry on my top when it arrived. parts of the paint came off on my fingers and the top was stuck to itself because of it. i could barely unfold it.  i'm sure this could have been cute, but who wants a top that looks lik"	0
"I love maeve and was so excited for this top which looked like an update from a last season favorite. unfortunately the fabric was stiff, it was tight in the chest and went straight down from there. returned."	0
"This skirt is very short. i ordered my usual xs petite and it was so short that the longest part ended above my ankle. that's quite off because i'm only 5 feet tall, and i wore it pretty low on the hips. it also flares out awkwardly below the knee. there are 2 vertical seems and they exacerbate the jagged appearance of the hem. i was drawn to the edgy style shown in the photo but in person it looks like my 5 year old cut up a skirt. plus, the fabric--while thick and beautiful and stretchy--has a"	0
"I don't normally review my purchases, but i was so amazed at how poorly this dress was made, i couldn't help myself but to post a review. the neck line isn't even hemmed down so it flaps up. the material is thin and feel cheap. this dress isnt even worth $20 in my opinion. i was expecting a well made, good quality dress for the high price tag."	0
"I got this top to wear with shorts as the color goes with a lot of different prints. the quality is excellent. this top runs very large, as in three (3) sizes too large. for the record i am a 34.25.35 and ordered my regular size the xs and this top makes me like i'm pregnant with twins. also, the layering looks nothing like it does on the model, it looks sloppy, unkept and a general. i think this would still be great for ladies who are bigger in the chest and waist, otherwise it just doesn't wor"	0
"I love byron lars dresses, and this design is on-point. the ruffle at the neckline is so pretty, and the dress fits like a dream. however -- the fabric!!! i would have loved it if this dress had a heavier feel. this is, sadly, going back today."	0
"Three strikes and retailer is out for me! i am so disappointed. i really liked this dress and was looking for a fun, distinctive new shift dress. got it, tried it on, took it off, went back to look at the listing online...nowhere does it mention that it has a drop-seam in the shoulders. i guess you can see it if you zoom in closely on the image, but it's not mentioned in the text. who on god's green earth actually looks good with a drop-shoulder?! it hits every woman under 5'10"" right in the middl"	0
"I bought this in the white, size m (140lbs., 5'8"", 34b) because i wanted a baggy fit, which i got, so this is tts. the white is more of an off-white rather than a bright white, which i like because i happen to be looking for an off-white tee. and the shape is good--even in a larger size, this tee nips in at the waist.however, the quality of this tee is lacking, as it is the typical, cheap, marled, slightly see-through material that seems to be everywhere these days and the band on the back of th"	0
The fun colors drew me to this but it sure fit weird. the top was fine but it became a bit tent-like in the waist. the material doesn't feel great either.	0
"Is not a place i want to be, even if the style of a sweater is great.  yes, this sweater is very cropped, but i think it&amp;#39;s definitely intended to be worn off the shoulder to drop the waist a bit.  it&amp;#39;s the itchiness that makes it an immediate &amp;quot;no&amp;quot;, and that&amp;#39;s coming from someone who has serious fiber itch tolerance."	0
"I'm assuming the model showing the sweater is at least 5'9"", it is slightly cropped on her , but it certainly doesn't look super cropped. i'm 5'4"" and its super cropped on me. even with high waist jeans. also, it is incredibly itchy. i even tried it with a cami under but the itchy wool came right through the cami. too bad, its a cute design, just needs some tweaking."	0
Color is not like photo and fit doesn't work if you're busty	0
"I loved this dress when i saw it. however the fit was way off. i am 5'7"" 120 lbs and the small was way too big from the waist down. when the xs arrived i was sure it would be perfect. unfortunately the waist hit way too high, above my rib cage and the dress was too short. it was as if it was a petite size. i was very disappointed as this is such a pretty, easy dress to just throw on for school. unfortunately neither size looked right on me and i had to return both. the material is also not the s"	0
"This top runs super small in the upper arms, shoulder area..could not even stretch out my arms! ...other then that major problem, the length and body fit were perfect...i am true med and/or large in all retailer tops so i tried sizes 10, 12 and neither worked for me due to arm/shoulder fit...disappointed because it really is a beautiful top..."	0
"I was really excited about this top since i have others from retailer that are similar in styling. unfortunately, it just didn't work out. i am petite with a short torso and ordered my usual size and it was way too short in the front. the top was also boxy and didn't sit right. it just wasn't flattering. cute top on the hanger, but just not on me."	0
"The back of this t-shirt looks cute but the front looks really weird. the material in the back is quite stiff but the grey material is soft, so the front gray area ends up hanging weirdly and looking uneven and messy. i appreciate asymmetrical clothing but to me it looked like a patched up rag from the front. it fits true to size."	0
Fits very strange. odd cut. does not look well on.	0
"These run very small!! they are also short, almost like a crop pant. the fit was so weird that i won't even exchange for a bigger size."	0
It looks like you are wearing cargo shorts. really unflattering. avoid buying this skirt	0
This top looked super cute online but when it came it was super short and boxy. looked like a tent on me. this one went back the same day it came!	0
"I love the fit of these pants -- they're the perfect slim black pants. however, i wore these pants exactly three times before the seams split the middle of the pant in not just one, but multiple places. disappointed by the workmanship/quality of the product, especially since the pants fit amazingly and don't sag like other slim fitting black pants tend to do. i hope retailer will take this into consideration and improve the quality of future iterations of this product."	0
"I waited three months for these pants. when they finally arrived, i was mostly pleased. they seemed like the staple pant everyone is raving about. and they should have been. problem one: they bag out. i got one wear out of them before i needed to wash and hang to dry (regained shape then). problem two: the crotch split! in the front! i'm a teacher. i sincerely hope no one noticed! i read other reviews about this problem and don't know if i got a bad batch or if a similar fate is awaiting other"	0
"Like others, i finally received my size 6p black pants after months of waiting.  for starters, these pants run small, so i ordered a size up but still in petite, because i adored the red ones i got this past summer.  when the black pants arrived, they were a full three inches shorter than the red ones (which were also 6p), and the fabric did not feel anywhere close to the same quality.  i'm debating ordering the regular length, but i'm not sure i'll bother, based on some of the other reviews."	0
"So i recognized the fact that this dress was likely intended more for lounging than for wearing out and about, but i once had a lot of luck with dresses of this price point (and intent) at retailer, so i had hopes. i was just wanting it to be a great addition for vacations and beach days, but it's honestly so thin i couldn't even see it working that well for that. it's also cut smaller than i was anticipating judging by the way it fits the model; my usual small was way more bodycon than i was anti"	0
"I tried this on in the store and was disappointed because it looked so fresh and vibrant on the hanger. but it's basically cut for model-sized people only. it's short and wide, and if you have any boobs at all it'll make the back pucker. i can't imagine this will look good on most women."	0
"I am normally between a size 0 and 2, so i ordered these pants in both sizes to make sure i would have a nice pair of black crops to wear to work. the 0 seemed pretty tight all around, so i returned the 0 and kept the 2 even though there was a little bit of room in the waist. of course the size 2 after a few hours of wearing had completely stretched out, was bagging in the crotch area, sliding around on my waist and creasing badly behind the knees. i doubt i will wear these pants more than the o"	0
"I don't typically write bad reviews, but this dress is so bad and i want to save someone else from buying it. i read the mostly bad reviews and still purchased anyway (my fault i know). the dress is super stiff ( i know denim can be that way and it is possible it would soften up after a few washes). i'm typically a 6/8 and the size small swallowed me, and the xs was big everywhere except through the bust (i ordered both sizes to try). i wouldn't recommend buying this if you are a size 8 or small"	0
Don't buy this dress unless you are normally a medium or larger. order it one or two sizes smaller than your normal size. i ordered an xs and it's more like a medium or large.	0
"The overall styling was great, and the dress is super-cute, if a little thick (it's made of denim, after all). i ordered a size down from my normal, and even then, i was swimming in it. the worst part, and the aspect that will make me return it, is that the arm holes hang down so low that i'd have to wear a tank top under the dress. i'm returning it, though it is really cute and i love this brand. the arm holes killed it for me."	0
"Yikes!  quite a smell off of this one- like wet/hot wool.  the color was beautiful, but the sweater is enormous!  strange fit under the arms as well.  this one went back the same day."	0
"I love retailer and fell in love as soon as i saw this dress online. being 5'10"" i love a quality maxi dress and this one did not disappoint. however, being 5'10"" also means the top sweater overlay hits me way short. it looks ridiculous. i also thought that this was very heavy for a maxi dress and could not imagine wearing it in 80 degree weather. unfortunately after waiting so long for it's arrival this is going back."	0
"This is huge. i understand that's the style, but it looked like i was wearing my husband's size xxl. i tried to imagine a really cold day when all that extra fabric would be nice... but then it started to itch, and itch and itch!"	0
The fit is not as shown on the website. will be returning.	0
"I am floored by the amount of positive reviews on this dress! when i received it, it looked nothing like it does on the model. the bottom looked like dirty sand and was completely wrinkled. if you have anything above a c cup, the top looks completely unflattering. i looked so top heavy in this dress! definitely not worth the price. so disappointed."	0
"This didn't work for me. im normally a m (8/10). got this in xs. that was the correct size for me, i believe. however, the armholes were huge. husband said the top of the dress looked like the autobots symbol from transformers and he wanted me to keep it. but, i sent it back."	0
"I just received this in the mail today. first of all there was no slip included and the fabric is totally sheer. the description says ""viscose lining"" so i assume there was a slip and from the picture it looks like it was a beige color. second of all, it was obviously sent from a store where they lost the slip and it was squished into the smallest possible retailer envelope. the fabric is beautiful but the dress is humongous like the previous reviewers said. i ordered a size smaller than us"	0
"I was so excited to order this sweater but was so disappointed when it came. the knit is somewhat stiff and the sleeves are not as bell shaped as pictured on the model. overall i would of kept it if it were much less money, for the price it is just an ordinary sweater with no style."	0
"This sweater was a big let down. i am 5'2"" so i ordered it in a petite. it was so short that if i lifted my arms, you'd see my bra!! there is no way i could wear it without something under it- even with high waisted bottoms. and the bell sleeves look nothing like the pic. the entire sleeve is just wide, and it continues with little increase into the cuff. it is just short and boxy. it is going back for sure."	0
"I wanted to love this. however, the fit was funky and the colors were muted. this is definitely something you must try on in the store. too risky to buy online due to weird fit."	0
"Ladies this top shrinks!!! i am very disappointed, i was in love with this top and the first time i washed it it shrunk a significant amount. i did not use a dryer, i laid this piece out to dry as i do with the majority of my knit tops and it shrunk. it is a lot shorter and much tighter, especially in my arms. if you love this top i might suggest buying a size up and washing it to fit."	0
"Again, bought this while wearing my retailer colored glasses. i loved the flowiness and color of the dark pink, and was convinced in the dressing room that this top made me look like a chic goddess, mid-vacation on the amalfi coast. i tried it on at home, and it straight up looked like i was wearing a maternity top. since i'm not with child, this one's going back!"	0
"This shirt is not a good look for a gal with hips. the fit at the top is tight (i ordered a small) but there is so much material at the bottom and if you are a little taller (i am 5'7), it hits at a place that is not flattering. i was hoping for something that hung straight down and would be good with leggings. this is not it...also the material is a little stiffer then i was expecting."	0
After seeing this on anthto's facebook page i was so excited to order. i ended up going to a store and trying on. i couldn't believe it was the same shirts when i first saw it. i thought this ran quite big. and the shape was odd. lots of material in the middle. i am a mom of 3 young kids and didn't want people to think #4 was on the way.	0
"I ordered the in the emerald green and it was sent to me with a dime size hole in the sleeve. i am very disappointed, because i love the sweater. by the time it arrived, it was sold out in my size. now, i cannot exchange it for one that is not damaged. if the sweater was not damaged, i would recommend this product."	0
"This is a very pretty sweater, a bit boxy and short but cute. i am 5'1"" and ordered the regular xs in black. the thing i did not like about this sweater was the gold thread through the back lace. i would have kept this if it was plain black lace. just did not like that look."	0
"This sweater is a cute design but did not work for me. i am 5'9"" and this is way to short/cropped and looks awkward. the quality was so so, it looked stretched out in the front. it's getting returned."	0
"Beautiful top, loved the color but shoulders were totally messed up and not sure if it was from hanging at store or the way it was sewn."	0
I purchased this top in blue and liked it so i ordered the red color. i hated the way the second one fit. i'm concerned the blue will not wear well after seeing the way the second one looked!	0
"Oh elevenses, i love your pants..the fabrics, the details, the length. i've found elevenses to be classic work pants. reliable, professional, well made. these are none of those things. the cardinal trousers are thin and the rise feels much higher that's it appears in the picture. the red pair are thin, stretchy and cheap. both pairs have to go back. i'm truly sad."	0
"I loved the cut of these pants and the button accent on the pockets. however, the material was quite thin and the quality was not great- there were multiple snags along the seams. additionally, at 5'8, 130lbs i was swimming in the size 4. i would have tried sizing down if the quality was better."	0
"Why is it so difficult to find a shirt that doesn't expose half of my bra if i lift my arm?   this is cute (beyond the arm hole issue) but overpriced. going back."	0
"I wanted these culottes to work so much! the fabric is gorgeous, but the size i ordered didn't fit. i'm normally a size 28 in pants, and i ordered a size 8. it was way too tight and made me look like i had a pooch in the zipper area. not what i wanted it to be. had to return them unfortunately."	0
"Ditto what the first reviewer said, unfortunately. i was so looking forward to receiving this dress but the one received is not the one in the photos. the graphics are fantastic - still love the boats- but the top is not the same and they've added a fabric belt to the finished dress. the fit was perfect except for gapping under the arms (similar, i suspect, to what the first reviewer reported). i was also surprised by the fabric. based on the photos i was expecting something light and semi trans"	0
Quality is fantastic but i feel like a 14 would have barely made it's way around one leg! this pant is way small in terms of sizing and not a style fit for anyone over a 6. a lot of fabric in the legs. nice pant but not for this girl!	0
"These run small (i am 110 and got a size 4), they were a tad tight on top. the waist fit but felt a little too snug, short from waist to crotch and then bloomed out in a nice but stiff ish material. they are a dark blue animal print. i felt like bozo the clown goes to the jungle. they looked so silly i had to laugh. even with the 20% off, these are going back. not even comfortable to lounge around the house in never mind being seen by anyone in person!"	0
"I loved the photo of this dress. upon examination of the dress (and trying it on) after receiving in the mail, the dress shown online is nothing like the dress i received save for the pattern. the dress i received has a side zip as well as a belt and no pleats on the top. the bottom is also cut straight across not as it appears in the photo. turns out it is not as flattering as it should appear."	0
"I was excited to see these jeans since they came in petite sizes and had a short inseam... unfortunately after ordering/returning several pairs, i found out that these are actually not petite jeans. please beware that if you are ordering these for the shorter inseam, they are actually 28 in... not 24 in as in the description. other than the inseam issues, they fit like typical paige denim."	0
Too big and it's not secure enough to wear for swimming.	0
The dress arrived with a few snags and the fabric already pilling. the fabric will only get worse with wear. return. cute concept; poor fabric quality.	0
"After reading the reviews i placed an order because it was the only top that caught my eye on the entire price downs. lately all my usual l/10 sizes from retailer turn out huge so i ordered a size smaller from what i usually wear. all would have been ok if the top wasn't so darn short. for reference i'm 6 ft tall, 160 lb. it's weird that this top looks completely the opposite of the model on the photo, from a loose looking fit with longer sleeves looking like a stylized sweatshirt that is not what"	0
"I originally got these in a 29 petite and thought they fit great right out of the bag (i'm usually a 6/8).. and within an hour of wearing them (to retailer, actually), the knees had gotten so baggy that they looked absolutely ridiculous; i've never had jeans do this. the salesperson at retailer agreed that they seemed very odd. i exchanged for a 28p at her suggestion, and i just hate them. i'd say the smaller size seems every so slightly small, but nothing major - but the waist actually folds over a"	0
Very cheap looking material. looks cheap to cost $158.	0
"The top i received was large, really long in length, pockets in the front along the seam, and lots of volume in the back without any princess seams to give it shape. the id #'s matched, but that's about it. returned!"	0
"I am 5'6"", 130 lbs with an athletic body type and i ordered a size small. these were really baggy in the thigh/quadricep area and made my thighs look bulky. the fabric quality is very nice and i like the idea of them for curvier body types. my son commented that they looked like pajama pants and i agreed."	0
"I ordered this in a small petite and medium petite , and i am a huge fan of a*k. i put tried on the sp. while it fit, it was very long, even for a petite. what i hated about it was that the piping on the top made me look very wide. even a long necklace wouldn't help deter the look. on a positive side, the blue was a very nice, cool color. i am usually a small to medium in a*k (6-8 in tops) and the small fit well in the arms/bodice, just too much fabric for me. returning!"	0
"My perspective is as a sewer so i'm more picky perhaps. this top is poorly made. the fabric pattern is crooked or not consistent in each piece. sewers do this to save $ - squeezing the pieces on the fabric. it looks sloppy. the cut is very full; the bottom edge measures 104"" around. for my figure, curvey, at 5'6"" and 150lbs, this top is not flattering it looks maternity. perhaps best on a slim figure and with leggings."	0
"Wanted to love this sweater for its beautiful colors and cute graphic, but the fit is uncomfortably small and it is so itchy i was yelling, ""get it off"" in the fitting room. bummer."	0
"This is a beautiful sweater with deep rich colors. i purchased the blue motif. the problem is that the model(s) are small busted, which allows the side panels and front panel to lay nicely and swing in a flattering manner. i am 5'6'', 135 pounds and a 36d. i usually wear a small in antro tops. i purchased this online, and was excited upon it's arrival. when i tried it on, i was horrified. it looked like a babydoll maternity sweater on me. the front did not lay well (flat) at all from the chest d"	0
Beautiful dress but have to return. way too big & long for me. medium is the size i wear but i think i would need an extra small.	0
"I agree with the other reviewers that this runs big. unfortunately there is nothing smaller than an xs so this is going back. i love the lyocell material, i have another skirt with this material and wanted to love this as well but it is too big and with the drawstring pulled tight to fit it doesn't look right. it is not as pictured as well. the skirt i received is a medium blue denim, not the lovely light blue as pictured, another reason why i am returning."	0
"I was really looking forward to receiving this blouse in the mail. the color was beautiful in person and the photo does not show the nice beading around the neck. that being said, i was so disappointed in the fit. i ordered a size 00 and the arm length was way too long yet the body of the shirt was way too cropped. cropped enough where you could see skin on the sides. made no sense! hoping to order a few more sizes to see if i can find the right fit. order up for length, down for arm length ..."	0
I loved this blouse when i got it and wore it before washing. it fit really well and was flattering. the only time i laundered it i hand- washed it in cold water and hung it to dry. the blouse shrunk at least a full size and in awkward places. the sleeves are now tight and way too short. the overall length shortened by at least 2 inches. the top is so tight in the bust now that the buttons popped open. i'm very disappointed and surprised.i will be returning it as it is unwearable as is.	0
"This bunches up too much, and the fabric is even more see through than i expected (so even with a tank top under it, it's not a good look for work). even unbuttoned at the top, i could barely get this over my head!  this one is going back."	0
"There is no way this is worth the price. i was deeply disappointed when it arrived. the material is thin and feels cheap. i love the design, and anna sui, but this is just so overpriced."	0
"If i could sew, i'd take the fabric from this skirt and make it into a different shape (after ordering a bigger size). the fabric is just as it appears online -- totally gorgeous with almost a quilted feel to it. however, this thickness means the skirt sticks out like something judy jetson would wear. it's also too small in my go-to skirt size (and i order a lot at retailer). the waist and hips are small (making the skirt too short as well), but the bottom flares out ridiculously. i ordered two of"	0
I loved the color and design of this dress but needed to return it because it fit so poorly. the arm holes are entirely too big -- so big that alternations couldn't fix it. maybe it's because i am petite but i think it may be a design flaw.	0
"The print on these leggings is so cool but they are completely see-through. i mean seriously, seriously see-through."	0
"First, the good parts: these are adorable in person and (i think) the colors are prettier in person than in the pictures. the green isn't too army green, it's a pretty nice mellow neutral that you could wear with reds, whites, blues, pinks...virtually any color.  the tencel fabric is super soft and comfortable and the drape is nice. they do seem to run a little large, so i'd size down if you're between sizes.  and now, sadly, the bad: these stretch out virtually an entire size after just about a"	0
"Hei hei is my favorite line. i am a medium in all of the pants i have ever purchased from this brand. i ordered these in the green and they arrived today. they fit me as if they were an xxl. i have a similar pair in rust from last summer so i assumed that they would be the same.  obviously they are going back tomorrow . i'm very disappointed, they are a nice looking jogger and the color is pretty."	0
"I was really wanting a nice white summer blouse to pair with patterned skirts. unfortunately, this fell short as it was huge. not only was it big, it flared at the bottom. it would be perfect if i was sporting a baby bump, but not what i am going for right now. if the tank was a bit slimmer i would have kept it as a tunic.i'm sad that i'll have to return it."	0
"I was so excited to splurge on a mara hoffman suit and was sorely disappointed when i received this suit in the mail. i'm petite and fairly curvy, so i knew it would likely be a little long in the torso but the whole suit was so oddly shaped, i couldn't imagine anyone it would fit. the square shape in between the halter pieces is awkward, and the pieces that are supposed to hold your chest are super wide and loose."	0
"I have been dying to try a mara hoffman bathing suit, so i went for this one. unfortunately, the design of the bathing suit is not like what they sent me. the middle where the tops meets the bottom, is squared off, not like that v that it looks like in this photo. it also makes for major side boob/sagging on each side. i was very disappointed."	0
"This was so unflattering. the bust was too high so it hit me weird on the boobs. the green was a beautiful, vibrant color but the fabric is so delicate that one wrong move would cause a snag."	0
"I opened the package and the dress is two pieces. it is the skirt part with an orange cami top that the sweater goes over. the sweater was too short for me, as i am busty and would not work. i ordered my normal size and the band around the rib cage did not go from side to side so i didn't try it on."	0
"I really wanted to love this dress. i bought it for a photoshoot that will be outdoors, and thought that the green color would be perfect. it is well made, but the fabric is lighter than expected. the biggest issues was the size. i am 5'7"" and typically a size ten. i ordered the ten and it fit like a 14-16. it was huge. if you order this, i would say size down two sizes."	0
"I'm 5""0"" and weigh 105 lbs. i purchased the xxs and it was super-wide, and big all over. it looked like a pregnancy top and did not lay as nicely as shown on the model. also, not shown on the model is the front is short and the back is very long. this would work better on a taller person. i just find it odd that a xxs is still too big. the quality of the fabric and the print is good and the lace-up in the back is cute."	0
This dress looked gorgeous in the monthly catalog. ordered in hopes to wear in easter. i felt it was frumpy and just ok. color was pretty but overall; i didn't love it like i hoped to.	0
"I usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, ordered this top in an s and it was so wide on the sides and huge it fit like a tent.  not even remotely flattering.  i thought about ordering it in an xs, however, i could tell the xs was still going to have way too much fabric.  back it goes."	0
"I wanted to love this top, but it unfortunately did not work for me. the material has a nice weight and feel to it, and while i love the pattern, the shape leaves something to be desired. the cap sleeves were a little tight on my arms, and the cut of the sleeves made my arms look big. the body of this shirt reminded me of a loose maternity top. for reference, i am 5'10"" 140 lbs and typically a size 6. i wear a small in retailer clothes, and got a small in this top. i think an xs would have been to"	0
"I ordered this dress in the blood orange and have a few complaints. while it appears to be made with quality, it runs really large. also, in the picture the fabric appears to have a sheen and be somewhat dressy. the actual fabric is just flat cotton. it's a very casual dress, not as dressy as pictured. it's also quite shapeless on. i'm returning it."	0
"This dress was not what i had hoped! from the online pictures, i had high hopes, but the fit was really wonky and the material seemed cheap. the arm holes were too big and made the dress seem more like a bathing suit cover up than a classy summer dress. needless to say, it's going back!"	0
"Didn't work on this curvy gal. sizing up would have helped with the button gaps, but the flowy shape of the blouse would have looked too maternity on a larger size. major pass."	0
Wanted to like this top but it looks terrible and does not lay right. the bust line is not tight enough to contrast the rest of the top being flowy. does not give any shape to the body. do not recommend for anyone with a medium to large chest.	0
"I read all the reviews and was hoping that this top would work for me, but it did not. i ordered a size smaller than usual and it was still way too big. it was not flattering at all on my curvy frame. overall, it looked more like a maternity top on me then anything else! if you're tall and slender, i think this top would work!"	0
"I bought two, one in white and one in blue print and wore the blue print top once and loved it. then i washed it according to the instructions on the tag (in cold gentle cycle and hung to dry). it shrunk up 4"" in the length and 2"" in the width and now it doesn't fit at all. also, after one wear, the buttons are coming off (before i even put it in the wash) and it's covered in loose threads. the quality is just not there. i'm going to return both and show the sales lady the difference in size on"	0
"....that's what i look like wearing this dress. a sad, sad, sack. the fabric is less than ideal, and there is no shape to speak of. i love that it has pockets but that's about it. there was just way too much fabric for a petite person. this dress has got to be good on someone, sadly that person was not me."	0
"I wanted to love this, was so excited when i ordered it online. the fabric (blue and white) was beautiful, but the cut was bad. it fit me like a maternity top, and made me look like i was 6 months along. i have a feeling that the models had theirs pinned back, in the back, because it does not lay flat like that in front, it has a lot of fabric with no place to go but up and out. returning."	0
"I really like the look of the top when it is photographed on other people but it just isn't for me. the fabric is stiffer than i would have expected and not very moveable. the fit is not quite right on me. the longer sleeves detract from the look of the shirt. i also generally prefer things a little more form fitting of which this is not. it was not very comfortable for me either, so this was clearly not a win for me."	0
"An absolutely gorgeous, but poorly fitting blouse. the bottom part is way too billowy and inconsistent with the fitted top half. got it on sale and still returned it."	0
It is definitely pinned back on the model in the photograph. it made my 5 foot frame look short and wide.	0
"For reference i am 5'5' 138 lbs with an hourglass figure and my usual small fit perfectly. the problems: 1. this skirt is not black but a charcoal gray/purple. 2. the sipper is reinforces with a stiff boarder on the inside so no matter where i put the waist it sticks straight out making me look like i have a tail under my skirt. in other words, i had a very pointy butt. also the slit or tulip part of the skirt goes all the way up to the waist, it needed to be tacked to the other part of the skir"	0
"I've been buying stevie ankles for years from retailer and been very happy. the past two pairs i bought had a heavy chemical smell, which i imagine is some kind of starch/chemical to keep the denim stiff. with the first pair, after enough washes to get rid of the bad smell (4), they lost all form and looked terrible since they were washed i couldn't return them. the 2nd pair arrived with the same heavy smell and i returned them. it may be they are made elsewhere now, but it's disappointing."	0
I'm so incredibly disappointed. the dress is beautiful but the one i received is torn and has multiple strands of beads missing. poor quality control.	0
"I am reasonably petite, but i like sweaters very oversized and large, so i ordered this sweater in a large. i was very disappointed when the sweater came because while the sleeves and upper chest area were in large, the length of the sweater did not at all increase when the size did. because the lower part of the sweater did not increase in size, the sweater ended up looking very awkward, with the chest and sleeves very large and long but then a very tight and short (waist-length) stomach. i do"	0
"It is such a cute design and very soft and comfortable, but the picture for this product is very deceiving! it looks like the sweater is fairly long in the pictured product page, but it is considerably short. i am nearly six foot tall, but thought by this picture it would be lengthy, not at all! it is a beautiful sweater, might work better for a shorter stature."	0
I ordered this blouse online bc i couldn't find it in my local stores once it was on sale. the fabric is so delicate. the cutouts had already frayed and in some places torn. had to return it.	0
Very disappointed. the cutouts started to rip the first time i wore it. i've only worn it twice and i love it but the cut outs are embarrassing.	0
"Huge bummer. this top is definitely a crop/midi-top. plus, it's cream, not white like shown in the photos. i'm returning it today."	0
"I was so excited to get this dress. i need it for a wedding, and i thought i had hit the jackpot. the dress arrived with a small tear. the seams are puckered and badly seen.  for an almost $300.00 dress, the quality is terrible. i expect better from retailer. i'm so disappointed."	0
It's short and wide. not a good combo for anyone who isn't stick thin.	0
"I wish i had read all the reviews before purchasing. the sweater looked liked everything i would be interested in online. once i pulled it out of the bag, my first thought was how could retailer send me a used, washed and shrunken sweater. it is nothing like the picture. it fits like a midriff top, not exaggerating. i'm 5.6, ordered the m, don't waste your shipping money on this."	0
I purchased this sweater in a small . nothing on the web site states it has dolman sleeves! it looked sloppy and made my bust disappear! it went back i hate dolman sleeves.	0
Cute top but started disintegrating after two washes. the delicate cutouts in the top tore apart. i machine washed it in the gentle cycle and didn't use the dryer. disappointed to have to discard the top after just buying it.	0
"I received this as a gift. it is a very pretty top, but the material is sooo delicate that the cutout areas were torn in many spots and where it wasn't torn completely you could see it fraying. the sales associate said they get many returns on this item."	0
"Although i love the soft feel of the sweater, the zig zag design was very unflattering. also, the length is much shorter than appears in the picture. i will be returning it."	0
"For the price of this dress, i was expecting something decent. the style is cute, but nothing more. however, the type of the polyester that the dress is made of.... oh my. it is a thick unpleasant material, that will cling to a body when it is hot. i never came across an item at retailer that was made this cheaply. the tag on the back was hanging at half and the button on the front was ready to come off before i even tried this dress on. no need to say - it's going back asap. you should not sel"	0
"I ordered this in the ""plum"" color, which in real life just looks like a very, very dark brown. that would probably be okay, but the dress is actually about 3 inches shorter than the listed measurements. i ordered the regular length, but the shortest part of the hem hits me only about halfway down my thigh...way, way too short. i am 5'5"", for reference. lastly, i think the fabric is just awful quality, especially for this price point. the slight texture makes it want to cling to itself - worn ou"	0
The price is high and i have to dry clean this? no thanks.	0
"I'm a big retailer buyer- and usually love the dresses, especially the petite xs maxis. this was the worst retailer purchase i have ever made.   it was humongous and gave me no shape. even if i purchased an xxsp it probably would be the same. i'm small but i mean come on- this would only fit a giantess-- which also makes no sense because it's the petite size.   do not buy. i'm very upset i have to pay the $5.95 return fee since i ordered this."	0
"The dress is just ok. i cannot imagine having paid full price for this. i got it for florida vacation. i put it on to wear to church first and spilled a drop of lavender oil on it and it stained!!!! cant get it out. thats punk for a dress that even on sale is like.  sending back"	0
"Looks fitted on, but this just turned out to be an oversized muumuu on. the fabric also felt cheap."	0
"This is a nice shirt, but i can't keep it. i ordered a 0 and i do have an athletic build with somewhat wider shoulders given how petite i am (usually wear 00 petite in all pants) and i think this size was perfect (fit across the back perfectly) when you lift your arms the way it is cut makes it really tight across the chest and shows your stomach. at the same time, the high low styling makes for a really strange shirt-tail in the back. i'm sure this is the trend but it really does not look cute"	0
"This bra runs very small, and is hard to get on and off. i think if i went a size up i would be happier."	0
You have to be a contortionist to get this bra on. it slips over your head and i needed my 8yo daughter to help me pull it down past my elbows. ridiculously impractical. why oh why didn't heather give it a hook and loop closure instead?	0
"I was looking for an oversized silhouette but this is more like a beach cover-up. the waist does not have elastic or any structure. the top fabric is crossed over but not sewn closed, and because the fit is so loose it just gaps open. the fabric is nice quality but i am returning."	0
Saw this on the sale rack and decided to try on. i looked like the dancing hypos in the movie fantasia. i am petite and not heavy but this is for very slim and tall people. too much fabric in the peplum part.	0
"I ordered these because i loved the wide cut and overall look. but returned them because they fit weird. too tight around the too high waistline (and normally, i like a high waistline). fit ran small. and the overall quality of the fabric wasn't as nice as i was hoping for. pretty disappointed."	0
"I wanted this tank to work so badly! it was a great deal and so beautiful. unfortunately the top fitted portion ends right below my chest then the shirt flares out so i looked like a cupcake. my belly also showed slightly because the shirt is short. if you have a short torso, this would work great. if not, unfortunately, its not great - tear"	0
"I wanted to like this top so so so so badly. so badly in fact, that after the first size didn't fit, i ordered two other sizes to make sure: xl, l, m. none of them worked i really wanted to like this top. the online photo makes the clothing look so flattering and the shirt is just not....at least on me. the shirt online on the model looks slimming and a lot longer than the actual piece of the clothing. the beaded work is very beautiful, but short causing the very poofy peplum to start at the mos"	0
"I know this product description says oversized but that's an understatement. i ordered a small and tried it on and i looked like a little kid in their father's jacket. i don't even think an xs would have worked. i'm 5'6"" and about 135 pounds for reference. i will say that the embroidery on the back is very cool and this jacket is overall a cool concept but it's just way too big."	0
This is such a beautiful dress.  but have to return for the reasons others have noted.  the chest does not fit well.	0
"I ordered a small and it is enormous; i usually wear a size 10. it is short but the fullness in the body and the sleeves made me look like a sumo wrestler. also, it is a very heavy knit which would be great for up north but too bulky for atlanta unless the temps are in the 40s. i'm sending it back."	0
"Gorgeous color and great price, but too low cut and because of the design, a cami's wouldn't work. disappointed"	0
"I bought this online. this looked like a sweater that was accidentally shrunk in the dryer, when i received it.  i will be returning this."	0
"Unique print but not great execution. the pant legs are very tight, i have average sized calves and i sized up one size. the hook closure was oddly tight and difficult to clasp. when i first saw the color it looked like burnt sienna or a dried blood color. too bad this didn't work out."	0
"I wanted to love this sweater. the photo of the model makes it look so soft and warm. i liked the heavy texture and the extra long sleeves. however, after receiving this sweater i tried it on for less than 1 minute. one look in the mirror was enough to make me take it off and return it asap. the knit quickly expanding from small to large right over the bust, combined with the boxy shape was an atrocious combo. it must have added 30lbs to my physique and made my bust look matronly. yikes! this ma"	0
I loved this sweater when i saw it online and ordered right away. i purchased a s and the fit was very off. the arms were long (which i don't mind) but the sweater was also super heavy and bulky so it was not at all flattering. i really wanted to love it and it seemed to be of good quality but it i had to return it.	0
"The beadwork is gorgeous, but the sleeves are so puffy, it looks as though you're wearing shoulder pads. the fabric of the shirt isn't that fabulous either."	0
"Extremely disappointed with this top. it runs extremely large. i'm 5'2, 130 lbs, 34c and usually wear between a 0-2 & xs-s tops at retailer. i ordered a 0 and it looked like a maternity top on me. the bottom half of the top flared out and did not fit close to the body at all. fabric was also a gauze-like material that was not soft. unfortunately, i will be returning."	0
"Very cute top but runs very very big ! im5 ft 5 in tall, 120 lbs. i ordered the xs but it was so big it looked like a maternity top.. sadly returned the top. otherwise the top was made of good quality fabric."	0
"I really wanted to love this shirt. the fit was great, and the fabric just felt beautiful. luxurious, soft and flowing. but the collar was frayed... in addition, the little keyhole area fabric also had to be carefully handled to make it look smooth and not like bad workmanship. i put it aside to return it, then this morning went to have another look at it, wanting to talk myself back into it. but i can't overlook the fact i'd be ordering a new shirt that would look time-worn. it may be only this"	0
"This cardi is cuter in the stock photos. in person, the colors are a bit more drab. stock photos also don't show quite how much of a swing shape this has. it is very soft, though. returned it!"	0
The material is cheap and looks torn. not as nice as the picture.	0
"Adorable foxes, i was smitten in the store but the fix is bizarre and the foxes don't come up very high so you're limited in the length you can wear. i bought the m/l based on salesperson advice and i can't imagine trying anything smaller, i usually wear a size s or 4 bottom, these were super snug. back to the store they went."	0
"Nice fabric, great color, would be lovely ... on someone with a straight-and-narrow body type. for ladies with curves, take a pass--too much like maternity wear, and not in that elegantly slouchy kind of way. the straight-up ""is she or isn't she"" kind of way."	0
"Note to photographers: please don't cinch the wait of a blouse to make something look tailored when it isn't. this could have been a real win if it had been more simply executed. i'm petite, way too much fabric. returned."	0
"This skirt was horrible on me. it was loose in the waist, tight in the hips and poofed out like crazy at the tiered part on the bottom. the material also felt cheap and clingy. i guess the fit is tts, but it's hard to tell given how strange the cut was."	0
"I was so excited about this skirt and pairing it with a cute blouse for the warmer weather. as i took out the skirt out of the package and flipped it around, the back has mesh strips that are see through! there is also no lining to go with this skirt. if you go back to the ""back view"" picture on the website and zoom in closely, you can see the model's black underwear."	0
"I thought from the picture this would be a light floaty top. when it arrived, the fabric was a heavy knit and the neckline sagged very low. on me (granted i'm a pear) the bottom layer hugged my tummy and rear in a very unflattering way. the only thing i liked was the color. back it went."	0
"Tried this on at my local retailer, the red color is pretty but not a ""true"" red. the fabric has a nice weight to it not the usual thin stuff that retailer seems to offer these days. two big problems though- the top is very low cut and i could see it ""opening"" up to the world! and the armholes are cut so big and low that you could see the sides of my bra, this is a deal-breaker for me, it can't be fixed."	0
"The color, design and fabric of this top (got it in the red) were just as i expected, but as the owner of several deletta brand tops, i was very surprised to find that my usual size small runs very large in this tank. not only did the front dip too low but so did the arm holes, and the top just hangs on me. it was so big for a small that it almost made me think it had been mislabeled and was really a size large.  bummed to return it because i really love the color and the style. will try an x-s"	0
"This shirt was so weird?it does not fit like the photo at all. there seems to be missing a stitch or something at the top as it is wide open until the bottom/where it meets the other layer. i could wear a tank/camisole underneath, but it still just did not fit right. i do not have a large chest, but this was ridiculous. beyond that, the red color was just okay. even though i purchased this on sale, it was not worth the price and i returned."	0
"I saw this dress and immediately started daydreaming about wearing it while honeymooning in italy along the amalfi coast or the cinque terre with my husband. and then i tried this dress on and immediately woke up. the cut is a disaster, the quality is terrible, and the dress just plain didn't work. the strips of elastic were sewn unevenly, giving the appearance that there was one large breast and one non-existent breast. the neckline was so long that it had to have the elastic run over the outsi"	0
"Right out of the bag, this top didn't really match the one pictured here (it is the right top, though). the fabric was heavy and felt ""damp"" -- the way something feels coming out of the wash. very odd. and the fit is nothing like what's shown on the model. the ""v"" is not fitted or nicely wrapped (or even tacked in place) -- it was just two loose, droopy pieces so most of my bra was showing no matter how many times i put the pieces back where they belonged (i'm neither ""flat chested"" nor ""busty"""	0
"This romper is cute, well-made and true to size, but i haven't figured it out how to put this on without having someone tie the back ties. which pretty much means that going to the bathroom is not an option while you have this romper on. not sure what the designers were thinking here. i'm returning this one."	0
"I was so excited to order this dress, had the perfect red shoes to go with it. unfortunately i could have been nine months pregnant and still wear the small. i am 5'4/118lb and it was like a maternity dress. sad to send it back."	0
"I really wanted to like this dress and was so disappointed when it came in the mail. if you have any sort of hips, the light pattern in the middle doesn't do you any favors. this made my hips look soooo wide! and the seaming and gathering in the middle was just off. if it was one continuous piece of fabric it might look better. with the seam, the pattern was cut up and looked pieced together. that just drew too much attention to my stomach and hips. it had to go back."	0
"I am almost always an xs in bottoms (sz 0-2) but literally couldn't get the stretchy waistband (no zip or fastening) in xs up my hips. in addition, the ""brocade"" is a very lightweight polyestery, tinselly weave--does not suggest quality. as others have noted, it also runs short; i'm 5'3'' and this was a little below knee length on me, not ankle-length. i've had luck with retailer's sale section in the past, including some items that didn't always start off with the best reviews, but have no regret"	0
"Ordered a l and xl, the sleeves were so tight on both sizes but the rest of the shirt was wide and loose. the tight sleeves were not proportional with the rest of the shirt. both sizes had to be returned."	0
"This dress had beautiful details, and the material was better than i expected; however, it was huge! it completed swallowed me. i am 5'1 about 106 pounds with quite a bit of muscle. i ordered a 00p and it still looked like a sack."	0
"I agree with the previous reviewer that the length is not at all what is shown in the picture. much shorter than that. and while the overall detail of the skirt is very nice, the elastic waistband makes it look cheap considering the price..."	0
"I ordered these pants after seeing the good reviews, but i don't agree. these are going back. i ordered a small. i'm 5'5"" and 135 pounds. i am usually between a small and a medium in pants, but the small in these pants is huge. i could definitely fit into an xs. but i also don't think they are very flattering and don't like the feel of the fabric. it's too bad. i love the idea of these."	0
"Cute and very soft, but the elastic wasn't sewn in right. i took them out of the wash and the waistband was a twisted mess. disappointing for more expensive loungewear."	0
"This is a gorgeous top. very well made with a classy design. it fits true to size from the lower chest up. however, at about the mid-belly range, the shirt widens out and basically allows a 5 month twin pregnancy to comfortably fit in. size xs. i was so sad. for the price, i can't justify taking it for alterations. it would have been the perfect top."	0
"I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate, but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular, as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit, technically, but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short, but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3"", but it fe"	0
"Disappointment city with this one and i am so lucky i had a coupon because if i would have paid the full $128 they are asking, i would be a tad skewed. not just thin material but thin and cheap feeling. doesn't itch but i seriously expected a lot more from retailer. i have noted the name of the designer and have promised myself to never buy this label again. big loser."	0
"This dress looks lovely on the model, but it looks just awful on me! i am 5'4"" and curvy. the shoulders are cut w/ a weird shape. instead of a cap sleeve, it is like a pointy cap on the side and stuck out on my shoulders. it looks like i am ready to get beamed into space. the material is nice and the sequins are pretty, but the cut of the dress is unflattering."	0
"It's pretty, floaty, feminine; the photos don't do justice to the prettiness. but the photos also don't show an asymmetrical hem. i understood it runs small so i got two sizes, to be safe, and even my larger size was strangely short-waisted, and i'm short-waisted to start with. maybe i could've lived with that, but both the dresses i received have an uneven hem unlike any i've ever worn or seen before. it's not longer on just the sides; the hem is longer in one spot on the front, and one in the"	0
"Such a cute skirt- but impossible to get on. ordered in an xs (i have a 25/26 waist) but could barely get it past my knees to step into. if you have any hips at all, unfortunately this skirt won't work. i was tempted to size up but once i got it on it fit great in the waist and already had too much material to size up to a small."	0
"It was very pretty,but it ran very big , sadly i had to return it."	0
Cute skirt but i agree with the other reviewer. you can't get it on! i tried my skinny daughter tried no go!	0
"This looked like such a cute, casual skirt when i picked it up but like other reviewers have said, it runs small. i'm usually a xs in retailer skirts but they only had a small to try on. i was able to get it on but did notice it was snug pulling on past my hips. however once on, i couldn't figure out how i'd wear this. i wouldn't pair this with a flowy top but tucking something in didn't seem like a good idea either. between the pleats and elastic waist it will make almost anyone look like they ha"	0
I thought it was only me and immediately assumed i needed to go on a diet when i attempted to put this adorable skirt on. it got stuck at my hips. i'm a very consistent size small in dresses and skirts. i actually thought about putting it on over my head but that was impossible. its going back. now i see the other reviews and am relieved that its the skirt and not me! wish i had read them before purchasing. retailer is going to get a lot of returns on this one.	0
"This skirt is very pretty, but not only does it run small but only a small portion of the waistband is elasticized, so there's very little stretch. for those of us with a significant difference in our waist and hip measurements, there's no way to get this skirt on past the hips."	0
I agree with the other reviews - runs small. would have been perfect if it actually was comfortable. waistband doesn't stretch all the way around. bummer.	0
"What an adorable and frustrating skirt! i'm not a large person: 32d-26-36. and i ordered my normal size small. this is a pull on skirt, and the waist opening could not accommodate either my shoulders or my hips. in most retailer clothes, i'm either a size 2 or 4; i have to agree with the other reviewer. there is no way to put this item on."	0
"This sweater was huge, it hung down to my calves! it also is really bulky and scratchy, it feels as if you are wearing an old wool blanket. i think it is only made for really tall and skinny people. i'm 5'2"" and weigh 120lbs. and i ordered a size s, and i was swimming in it. the fabric is very thick, i may be great if you live in alaska or the arctic. it adds about 20lbs to your body frame......."	0
Material is hard to wear a bra under it	0
The pleats on the bib make this look like something from chloe sevigny's wardrobe on the set of big love. and the shoulders are cut for an offensive lineman.	0
"Even on sale, this was just too pricey for what it is, which is a glorified tank. i liked the straps, but it hangs very wide off your chest."	0
"I love the colors of this dress, and i waited for the sale since it isn't really good for work. i wear size 6 in hd all the time, but this one doesn't fit at all on the top. the bust is cut for someone really curvy, but the bottom is for someone really straight. i don't know what they were using for a model, but this has to be tried on before purchased. the material is also rough, and there is no lining to protect you from that. i love my hd dresses for style and functionality, but this one is j"	0
"I loved the aesthetic but as a true hourglass shape, i was frustrated that it didn't have a little more give as i tried to pull it over my head. the fabric was stiff, and seemed to be lace over cotton? not entirely sure. i couldn't get past the feeling off the material."	0
Looks great in the picture but when i got this in the mail the fabric was so stiff! shaking it out did nothing-almost like it was dipped in drying glue. i got this for $10 which is so cheap and i still returned it!	0
"This dress looked super cute in the picture and on the model. i ordered the petite style and it was still so big and way too loose. no shape whatsoever! i unfortunately had to return it. i love loose dresses but this one was way too big, loose and had no shape at all."	0
"I purchased this top in the rose and steel blue colors even though the majority of reviews says it shrinks even when you wash per the instructions. i called the local retailer store first to see if it could be returned if this happened and they said yes, no problem. well the reviews are correct. i washed just the rose colored top so i could compare it to the steel blue if it did shrink. i am returning them this evening. i will not take the time or spend the money to dry clean a tank. it is made ve"	0
I own many retailer dresses but the sizing can be odd. i usually wear a size 4-6 and i have a floreat maxi dress size 4 that works well. i am 34c and based on the reviews i decided to order a size 6. the dress fits well except for he bust area that is very snug/couldn't even get the zipper up. i will probably have to order a size 10 to be able to close the zipper on the bust area but it will be huge everywhere else.the fabric seems very delicate and may develop runs easily. it's a shame because th	0
"I fell in love with this cute top, however after reading reviews, i am going to return it. seems there is a problem with it shrinking after following washing instructions. who wants to dry clean a tank top? not me, sadly. too bad. style was cute and color was awesome."	0
This dress is so beautiful in person! but the quality was very upsetting. i had two buttons come off before even putting it on. i was so excited to get his dress for my wedding shower and then i couldn't wear it :(	0
"Wanted to love this top, and could imagine lots of outfits with it. the wide shoulders made my arms/shoulders look big. the ruching and extra flap landed at an odd place, accentuating my belly. it did arrive very wrinkled, although a previous reviewer said she found it to be a wrinkle free garment. maybe that made the look worse. overall i felt that it made me look 15 lbs heavier than i am, so back it goes. i am 5'7"", 160lbs, 34dddd, and the size large was the correct size."	0
"I bought this top and it ran huge, i had to get an extra small. well then i wash it according to the instructions and it shrunk horribly! like its so small now my 3 yr old could probably wear it! i'm so sad, i really liked this top....but for it to shrink after one wear is not acceptable."	0
I had hopes for this shirt but was disappointed in the fabric...it's very stiff and heavy for a summer blouse. will be returning it.	0
"I ordered this and hoped it would be a fun & whimsical sweater for this winter. instead, it's just strange. it didn't fit well. too short in the overall length & in the sleeves. the shades of the yarn were drab. it also didn't seem made to last. it looked like it would pill/snag in a short amount of time. i returned it. i'd love to see a style similar to this executed better in the future. having a unique sleeve is a cute idea."	0
"Great color, soft fabric, but waaaaay too long. more like a night shirt than a t-shirt."	0
"I purchased this item in the gray heather color and loved it so much i wanted to buy every other color. the fabric was cottony and felt very soft and cushy against my skin, and the gray color was from the combination of black and white fibers. i ordered the light gray and the red online and could not wait for them to arrive. but the other colors were not even in the same material, but a very shiny and synthetic feeling fabric, with just a single color weave that did not have the same feel or tex"	0
"This dress will unfortunately be returned...so cute online and looks like a sack in person.  runs very large, arm holes are very low.  not flattering."	0
If you have any cleavage this dress will look awful. the ties drop pretty low & look trashy over cleavage. recommend otherwise - good fabric cool look	0
A $200 piece of polyester with no shape and looks good only on the model. avoid ! mine went back the same day it came in the mail...	0
"I was excited to receive this top. it looked great online, vibrant colors with the beautiful detail on the sleeves. when i tried it on, the fabric looked and felt cheap. it is not a flowy top. do not recommend it."	0
"I bought this top on sale - very glad i did not pay full price for it! i wash everything before i wear it. when it dried i saw that there was a grease spot on the back and a small hole on one upper arm - i will probably be able to take care of the grease spot, but the hole will be a little trickier, as the material is kind of filmy."	0
"I splurged on this pajama set for myself and now regret it. even though the design is adorable, the fabric contains acrylic and the knitted fairisle part started pilling within the first week of wear. after a month and a couple washes, it looks horrible, and the fleece part is looking a little grungy as well. so so disappointed. the top is intentionally oversized and comes down to my crotch, i could have easily sized down."	0
"I ordered this top because it was 100 percent cotton and a cute design. when it arrived, i thought it was a cute, different top, uniquely designed. when i tried it on, it looked like a had several extra rolls due to the ruching and was very unflattering. it reminded me of the michelin man wearing extra tires and i am of a thin build so i did not like the perception of rolls throughout the bodice. unfortunately, it did not work for me. i wish retailer would include more cotton tops in their collect"	0
"I ordered this shirt online and just received it in the mail. the floral design is nice, but the mesh fabric in the back is low quality and cheapens the look of the shirt (especially considering the price). most disappointingly, the neck hole is almost as small as the arm holes. with no zipper or button opening i could not fit my head through the opening and, thus, could not even put the shirt on. needless to say, i will be returning it. i ordered the xs, so it is possible that larger sizes do n"	0
"The top fits nice, but after one wear (didn't even washed it) the fabric was all fuzzy. would not recommend it."	0
"I agree with the other reviewer who said there was too much hardware and such. this really does have a lot going on. i usually wear a 4 in skirts, and based on reviews, went up one size. it still saw way up near my chest - i think even an 8 would be too small! it's sooooo tiny at the waist. probably buy 2 sizes, 2 and 3 sizes up from your own. also, the skirt flares super wide at the sides, it doesn't sit the way in the photo or maybe the model is holding it down with her hand. it's like a skirt"	0
"I love the shirt and it runs true to size everywhere but the arm holes. i bought a size small and the length was great, the fit was great, but the arm holes were gappy and big. i had to return it and was bummed because i loved it otherwise."	0
"I bought both colors based on the reviews and really like the prints. however, they are too sheer. i don't want to wear a tank top, but you have to with these tops since they are so sheer. i can also see the fabric tearing easily, it is too delicate. i sent both colors back. what a waste because the prints and colors are good. these tops are also not for busty ladies. i have a big bust, and the top part didn't cover my entire bust and was awkward because the division between the fabrics would st"	0
"The fabric is too sheer, also looks like sleepwear. just not my thing."	0
"The fabric clung to my body i expected it to flow and be breezy, it was too flimsy, the arms were too wide and overall for $100 this dress didn't cut the mustard. i'm 5'7"" 135 the dress was long enough, just didn't flow very well."	0
"First of all, this skirt is as cute on as it is in the picture. very flattering. i am a curvy gal on the bottom and this is flattering. that being said, it runs small. i purchased a large which is my usual size, and i need another inch or two all over to make it work. part of the problem is the material. it is a very heavy, durable upholstery like material. there is absolutely no give to this. it is a very stiff material as well -- more what i would expect on a sofa than on my skirt. the skirt c"	0
"I really wanted to love this blazer...i've even tried it on several times hoping it would look better the next time around. (spoiler: it didn't :( ). overall, it makes me look pretty frumpy and not put together. i really love saturday/sunday brand and was hoping for a nice comfy blazer to wear to work. will be returning instead."	0
This one pulled across my shoulders and neck in a creepy way. did not like the way that it fit. returned	0
I wear med or large in most items. the medium was huge. fit like a moo moo. size down by at least two.	0
"This jacket looked adorable on. it was also quite comfortable. however, it sheds and left fuzz on every dark surface it touched. sadly, this is a deal breaker for me."	0
Beautiful jacket and i got lots of compliments. true to size. it's not thick but it's very warm.	0
"I was looking for a really warm, but stylish coat that i could wear when the weather is frigid as it sometimes gets here in the dc area. i tried on a size small, which is my usual coat size. while the coat fit, it was not flattering. for reference i am 5'9"" 128 pounds and usually wear a small/xsmall in retailer tops. in this coat i looked like a linebacker with pads on. the front material is doubled, which makes you look like you have a large protruding stomach. the shoulders are bulky and"	0
"Loved the idea of this - unfortunately, it disappointed all around. it's way too short and ran small. the fuzzy collar was also different than pictured in the stock photo and looked a bit tacky and cheap. the pricepoint is also way off the mark for this piece. usually an retailer small (5""7"" 140 lbs 32dd) but ordered a medium (small would not have fit in this piece). do not recommend."	0
"Thought i would splurge on a tracy reese coat. i got a size small, (120, 5'6) felt huge on me and i looked like a wooly mammoth. very unflattering. another reviewer also mentioned on how it flairs slightly at the bottom?.adding to the overall bad look. i had it on for about 20 seconds and put it back in the bag to return. din't have to ponder about it at all."	0
"I didn't mind the ""scratchiness"" others proclaimed this garment had, but it is made very tight in the arms and across the back. looks great from the front, but uncomfortable."	0
It hangs very nicely on the model in the picture but when i put it on it fit tight in the sleeves and upper back but huge in the front. the sweater was also sparkly which made it look cheap. i loved the lace detail in the back but the sweater was returned. did not fit well and was not good quality. very thin	0
This could have been an amazing chemise but it is too short even for bed- perhaps it could be used for a tank. i am 5'3 but do have a long torso. it did not fully cover my booty.	0
"I bought this dress to wear to an out of state wedding. first time wearing, when i tied the strap, the pull through at the top of the halter broke with minimal stress. i sewed it back with a repair kit from the hotel but was worried the whole night the dress would not hold up. if this is all that is holding the dress on, it should be more secure with reinforced stitching. beautiful material and comfortable."	0
"I wanted to love this. couldn't wait for it to arrive.  unfortunately, it doesn't look anything like the picture.  i usually wear a m/l in holding horses so i ordered a l but as soon as i held it up i noticed it was ridiculously large. the fabric is on the heavy side so the dress just hangs in a very unflattering way. and, it is extremely shimmery.  i love velvet, but the texture and sheen of this dress was just over the top. sadly, it is going back."	0
"I loved this coat in the picture, and couldn't wait to get it. sadly, it did not deliver in real life. i got my usual size small, and it fit well in the shoulders and sleeves, and okay in front. the big problem was the back. it just hung from my shoulders with zero shape, and a lot of extra fabric. i considered trying the xs, but was concerned that the shoulders might not be comfortable, and honestly i can't believe the xs could possibly have been different enough to work. maybe i got a defectiv"	0
"I wanted a comfortable and loose casual dress. i liked the pictures and decided to give it a try. the dress turned out to be too loose (i got size 4 after checking the measurements chart, i'm 5'7' 125 lb and usually wear s). i could practically wrap myself in this dress. besides, it looks a bit too long (well, i'm not as tall as the model in the photos and i don't like wearing high heels). the material looks faded, not as bright as in the pictures. i like distressed and vintage style, but this"	0
"This is quite an odd dress. it does wrap and is beautiful material. however, the dress does not close at all in the chest area. i thought perhaps it was meant to be a kimono. it will go back for sure."	0
"The fabric is very nice on this wrap, but it wears like a blanket."	0
Matronly and unflattering. i think this may work on a very tall and slender body type.	0
"I ordered this in my usual size small (36b bust, 5'5"", around 116 lbs), but the seam around the high waist stuck out and didn't cinch in at the waist at all, rather bubbled out a bit. the tunic ""flaps"" laid strangely as well, like they were too small almost. the high cut sides were indeed high cut...showing the waistband of my leggings. apparently that is a new style, as i have seen a few other tops like it around, but i question whether slits that high are appropriate for actual wear outside on"	0
I wanted to love this tunic sweater. the material is so soft and a perfect weight. the color is pretty. bu the fit absolutely did not work for me. the tunic runs very small. a large usually fits me but i felt like i was wearing a small. the slits are quite high. i was sorry to do it but this one went straight back!	0
"This dress had so much potential. the top was absolutely gorgeous. my issue was with the bottom half of the dress. the bottom is made from a heavy quilted material that is stiff and has no movement at all. the dress is supposed to fit like a modified mermaid dress where its more fitted around the hips and flares out, the dress i received had so much material on the bottom that it actually made my hips look bigger. i though about having the dress altered but decided to return instead."	0
"These felt like they were cutting off circulation around the calves. i tried pulling them lower to reduce the tightness but that made them way too droopy between the legs. an alternative would be to clip the elastic, but ultimately decided to return."	0
"I ordered these leggings and loved them, for about an hour- at which point the belt loop ripped off of the pant, leaving a hole. i called customer service and they sent me a 2nd pair. same thing happened. i never even pulled on the belt loop. they are just so flimsy. it's a shame bc they are cool looking."	0
"I should have heeded the previous reviewer's advice. but i'm really short so i thought i'd give it a try. there is something really wrong with the bust. first, it's about 3-4 inches higher than it should be. the bottom trim cut across the middle of my bust. even if i hoisted everthing up in there to fit the cups, they are really only designed to fit cones, not curves. from the side it looked hideous. too bad, because the fabric and fit everywhere else is gorgeous."	0
"I'm always looking for pieces that would good for either layering or worn alone. this looks cute on the model, but when i received it, it's actually very flowing. i wanted more of a straight cut. doesn't work very well on my body. i'm 5'3, 123 lbs., 34-d. it's going back."	0
"I am now the third person to try this dress and return it for the same reason. the empire waist is too high and hits across the bust instead of underneath it. i can't imagine how they got it to fit this model so well. i am petite and i really love the idea of a maxi with sleeves, so i decided to try it even through the two previous reviewers reported this issue. unfortunately, i had the same problem. i am a c+ cup size. perhaps this would work on a very thin figure with a small bust. i ordered t"	0
"I ordered the white ""denim"" online and was very disappointed by how thin the material was. i had tried on the light blue denim in the store and it had a nice weight to it. the style is wonderful and the fit is very flattering, but too sheer for me to wear outside the house!"	0
These look much cuter in the picture than in person. i found them to be very thin and cheap looking. i am pretty sure you could find a similar pair at a budget department store.	0
"Disappointed, the cut of the layer makes anyone wearing it look pregnant. even the model in the picture the way that layer hangs."	0
"The fabric and its texture didn't meet my expectations unfortunately. there were too much fray and cast-off of edge yarns of a fabric...  however this will fit if you wear over the swimming wears."	0
"I wanted to love this dress, it looks beautiful on the model but it isn't the flattering, even on sale i am not sure if it would be worth it, it it runs pretty big."	0
"I was so excited for this dress.. but sadly it did not meet expectations. the gauze fabric already had several snags/pullers in it. the underslip was very short and just cleared my derriere.(i'm 5'7"") i normally take a 10/12 and ordered this in a l.. it was somewhat clingy in the hip area but yet bulky on top. also, i like to have the first button open, but you could then see the v neck of the underslip and it looked hokey. it's definitely a thicker material than the previous plaid tunic holding"	0
"I loved this top but the cut was too short in the waist for my 5'8"" frame. wish it came in a tall size!"	0
"I love the way these shorts fit and look; very comfy, but after laundering one time, the lavender color became blotchy. used regular detergent in gentle cycle and it looks like someone poured bleach on them in random areas & they are unwearable! i have several colors, but the only color that was a problem is the lavender. $58 for one wear was a waste. i hate to leave negative feedback, but be careful with laundering."	0
"I was extremely excited to receive these pants, given the two positive reviews. i'm a petite woman and have trouble finding jeans with the right proportions. i sized down from my normal size (27 to a 26) and was swimming in these pants. i would have had to go down three sizes to make these work. i'm not sure if i received a defective pair or what, but be cautious ordering these pants."	0
"This pants the worst short that i ever had!! i bought ;this short last week and i laundry it yesterday and it came out lost color!! i was really shock definetly will return it to store. fyi, i never use chrolox or bleach when i laundry."	0
"These are my all time comfiest shorts and i am obsessed with the lavender color. sadly, using free and clear detergent on a cold, delicate cycle made the color turn splotchy, and they are unwearable. this happened once and i exchanged for another pair, but i'll be returning this pair. i'll be sad to see my favorite color go, but there is obviously a defect in the dye used. maybe i'll try another color!"	0
No. this is one of the most unflattering things i've ever put on my body. i'm a very well-proportioned hourglass - i tend to wear a small despite a booty and 36d chest - this made me look huge. don't do it.	0
This skirt for sure was the most disappointing thing i've ever ordered from retailer. it looks like an all white skirt that has a little stiffness to it but looks are deceiving. it has this weird checkered patten and there is no shape to the skirt at all. there are also weird stitching lines. one more thing that i didn't like about the skirt was that it's a cream-ish color. not even the cute flamingos will make me keep this skirt. it's going back.	0
"The dress is beautiful on the model. in person it's sheer, but i could have dealt with that if the fit had been great. i am 5'4"" and the petite was too short and the regular too long. both are very boxy and seem to run big. even the size small in both petite and regular were too big on me and usually in cloth and stone size small is perfect. i really wanted to love this dress but ended up returning several sizes in my attempt to find the perfect size."	0
"I loved this color and ordered it online because i thought it would work for both casual and work days dressed up a little. ummmmm, no. it's weird and boxy and does not look at all like it does on the model. i think maybe if you have no bust whatsoever and size way down it would look okay. i'm only a 34b, weigh 110 pounds, 5'3"" and it made me look huge and awkward. this is going back!"	0
"I purchased this top on sale and was really excited about the style. it fit great the first time i wore it. i washed it once, according to the care instructions. after washing it in cold water and allowing it to air dry, it was basically ruined. it shrunk up in length widened out about two inches. i'm pretty bummed about it because it was cute."	0
I love sundry and their fun designs--i was disappointed because the fabric is very thin and the dark part of the heart is not black but bluish slate grey. it is just not what i expected from the picture. i bought the xs and it felt baggy on the body.	0
"This blouse has too much drapey fabric and it's just not flattering.  in the front part of the blouse the fabric is relatively short, but the sleeves have so much excess fabric it almost looks like a clown suit.  sending back."	0
"The top is nice, good quality, etc.... but how do you keep the 'off the shoulder' off the shoulder? mine keeps inching up until it's just a boring white top with a strange loose neckline."	0
"I thought i would love this shirt because it goes along with my style, but i returned it immediately. it runs so large! the colors are faded, and the trim of the shirt curl over, so it looks cheap and frumpy. i do not recommend this! it hits in all the wrong places."	0
So you're thinking this is a red and black skirt right? nope. it's an obnoxious cherry red netting with cranberry crushed velvet insets overlaid on bright red actual spandex. spandex that shows every wrinkle and panty line. it's really god awful.	0
I wish i had read the reviews prior to purchasing. this skirt looks amazing in photos and lace appears black. the lace on mine is actually purple - at first i thought it was just purple due to lighting with red underneath - but nope - pull the netting away and it is purple. lace netting hikes up on the right due to poor craftsmanship. i ordered a medium and felt it was a bit large. will return.	0
"Looks great on the model, but in actuality there is way too much fabric; what should be flowy and billowy looks like a tent (or a maternity top on a petite woman). it didn't matter which size, they all fit me disastrously. i love the look and i thought of keeping it and having it taken in, but there's too much fabric under the chest to make it an easy cut/alteration on the side seams. sometimes i wonder who comes up with these patterns, and if they pin the shirts back on the models. if you put a"	0
"Such a cute pattern, and i loved the fold-over design, but beware - there is not enough bottom coverage! i should've looked more closely at the photo - it's pretty accurate in showing the bathing suit bottoms have limited rear coverage. a couple more inches of fabric would've really helped. i'm used to fuller coverage bathing suit bottoms, and these just expose way more cheek than i felt comfortable with. i could maybe wear them around my husband, but definitely not my dad! i felt like if i bent"	0
"The color is darker than shown (i ordered the denim looking one). the flower things are not very visible as it all looks one color. it must be great for the tall skinny model , but if your 5'4'' and pear shaped like me, it's a no go! took it back to my local store."	0
"This skirt looks/lays exactly like the photo. i bought a size small and i usually wear a size 4. it was maybe a smidge big, but nothing that affected the look of the skirt. the material reminded me of felt/wool mixed together, almost like sunday school felt cut outs (but stiffer) (not a fan).. i was underwhelmed - it looked plain and simple, and the color washed me out. definitely not worth the price (for me anyways). good luck!"	0
"I bought this jacket based on how it looked on the model, and from the reviews. i found it to be super big, and unflattering to say the least. i'm 5""10, 155lbs. i sent it back."	0
"I am always on the hunt for a cute white t-shirt but this one was a miss. it is too boxy (short) and the material is very thin for the price. i gave it two stars because it has nice colors for spring/summer. for reference, i am 5'4 and 115 lbs and i ordered a small. bought it online so i ended up returning it to the store."	0
"This dress fits awfully. it's not short, as pictured in photo. it hit just above my knees. it looked like sack. i would've, also, felt like i was choking  all night with it clasped around my neck. it, potentially, may look okay on someone who is very tall, skinny, and lanky, but i have my doubts about that too."	0
"Very cute top. i went down a size because for me it was a little large in the back, but that was just my taste. i purchased the denim print."	0
"Beautiful color and the fabric is very substantial and soft. but, they didn't finish the bottom hem! the dress is lined and the bottom inside has a ribbon sewn in as a type of hem, but the actual edge is just cut and not turned in on itself. because of this the whole bottom had a hundred little fabric frays. the rest of the dress is so polished it just doesn't make sense. also, while the fabric is beautiful my dress had a weird mark on the chest, almost like a water mark. just overall bad attent"	0
The idea of this shirt is awesome! it just needs to be made longer and not so boxy. the ruffle is darling! i would be so happy if the the designer made some modifications. i think a lot of people would buy it then.	0
I love this brand and the material of these shirts and have a ton similar and thought this was adorable with the sweet detail but it is super short and boxy and i felt uncomfortable with the length on me and it also made it so it wasn't so flattering on. such a bummer cuz its a sweet spin on a plain basic tee!	0
"I bought this shirt in a l, since i didn't want it to be too fitted and was concerned a m would be. it is so boxy! it's like a completely different shirt. i have no idea how it looks good on anyone, unless it is simply widened the larger the size. maybe a m wouldn't be as wide and therefore as boxy, but this shirt is just a bad mess. returning."	0
"I bought this very cute t-shirt in sky. wore it once, then washed it according to the washing instuctions (machine washable/dryable). this t-shirt turned into a crop top!!!!! i can't wear it. it's going to goodwill. i would suggest that you air dry this shirt, if you want to take the chance that it won't shrink up several inches."	0
This is one of those you can tell from the hanger that it's not going to work. too boxy. too short. and the girlish ruffle makes it look like an over-sized child's shirt that got all messed up in the washing machine.	0
"I really wanted to love this dress, but it just didn't fit in anyway. i ordered an xs petite, and it was very large. the lacing in the back is completely useless, and that's what i liked about the dress. i was thinking it would be unlaced more at the top (because of chest) and then lace more tightly near the waist. it was completely closed off and the dress was still very loose and unflattering. beautiful fabric, great color combo, bad fit."	0
I loved this shirt until the first time i washed it. it shrunk so much it became unwearable. when i returned it the salesperson said she had also bought this shirt and the same thing happened.	0
The dress is too loose and runs too big	0
"I was so excited to find this shirt on sale at my local retailer store. but, i did not notice the high percentage of rayon in the fabric, which caused the shirt to shrink significantly in the wash (even when following washing instructions). i washed it on cold with woolite and it is about half the length it was initially! i'm so disappointed. how can you make a shirt that can't withstand washing?!"	0
Wish i would have read the reviews before i purchased and wore two of these. washed as directed and same outcome as everyone else. basically unwearable unless i maybe use it for a nightshirt. the shrinkage lengthwise was ridiculous. glad i didn't buy every color like i had planned to do!	0
So disappointing! everything i've owned from bordeaux has washed well and stood the test of time. one wash and this was ruined! shrunk terrible even after washing in cold water on delicate and laying flat to dry. completely ruined. returned it.	0
It's a cute top but once i washed in cold water and laid flat to dry it shrunk and lost it's shape. very disappointed. i am going to return top.	0
I thought this would be cute with leggings based upon the length on the model. i forget that the models are almost 6 feet tall. this has a polyester slip goes under it that snaps onto the shoulders. it came down to my knees and was completely like a sack no leggings and boots with this one. lovely material but not at all figure flattering.	0
"I loved this shirt so much i bought it in 4 colors. however, two of them shrunk. i was very disappointed."	0
"This one didn't work for me. there is no zipper, you climb into it from the very large neck hole. it was very low cut and the shoulders kept sliding off but the bottom half fit snug. the tie and waist seam didn't hit at my waist but the largest part of my middle. i tried other belts and it wasn't much better. the fabric and print were great. i love jumpers but this one went back."	0
"I loved this shirt when i got it. it fit perfectly, and was so soft. but when i washed it, following the instructions, it shrank up to well above my belly button. i'm talking 6 inches of shrinkage, at least."	0
Bought two of these because i loved the way they fit off of the rack. washed them according to directions and they were ruined. the material shrank up making the shirt short and boxy and the side panels ended up being rippled. definitely going to try to return these.	0
"When the top arrived and i tried it on; it was great. the length was perfect even though i am curvy. after one wash (done according to the directions), the top shrank in length considerably. i do not mind paying a higher price for something unique and something of quality.....i do have a problem with something that does not hold up to basic use. i will be returning this item."	0
"I tried on and bought this shirt in my usual size and it fit long and loose but still had great shape. after hand washing in cold water and air drying, as per instructions on the tag, the shirt shrunk significantly. so much so that my stomach shows if i raise my arms at all. it also lost its shape, and now looks very boxy and is very unflattering. i won't be wearing it and am disappointed i didn't even get to wear it once!"	0
This product runs either really small or is super high waisted. either way not for me.	0
"This sweater looked so promising with the tie waist and pretty lacy edging, but turned out to be a disappointment. it was much shorter than it looks in the photos and barely came to my hips. and the plum color was much darker than i expected, more of a dull brownish-burgundy."	0
"Did not work for me. material was a bit thin, poor quality, the tie doesn't quite work correctly. had a cheaper look to it. not the quality i'd normally expect. this is going back."	0
"It seemed to stay in place and did not require constant readjustment. however, i found the band to be extremely small and tight. it is not the most comfortable bra because of the way the band just presses into your skin."	0
"Loved this top online but when i tried it on it was shorter than expected so only fitting for high waisted bottoms and much more boxy than it appeared online. i wish to high heaven that this top came in a more ""normal"" cut. hip length and slimming, the fabric and collar are beautiful!"	0
"I ordered the blue in size 16. it ran at least two, if not three, sizes too small compared to my other retailer 14 & 16 blouses. it was too small through the body, other than the peplum. the arms were tight too. the waistline and length matched the online photos. it's widening. the material they chose was also scratchy and rough, especially around the neckline. i returned mine after trying it on and seeing there was no way to make this work. the blue color was gorgeous though. the patterned lace w"	0
"Loved the look, fit and styling of this turtleneck. but dry clean only, you have to be kidding?"	0
"This is the 2nd time i've purchased a dolan top and returned it b/c it was dry clean only. both tops were what i consider to be casual tops to be worn with a pair of jeans, running errands, etc. i do not dry clean this kind of casual shirt. it is made out of rayon, and that's the problem i think.  i purchased this in the wine color and it is a lovely color, hangs nicely, doesn't cling. the sleeves are a bit long but i could live with that -- i just pushed them up. as a turtleneck, it was a bit l"	0
"I wanted to love these jeans, but as a woman who is almost 45 there was way too much stretch in them. i am always a size 26 and i couldn't wear these, they were way too tight! they went back the next day. i will say, it could be my body type, i""m a runner so my legs are muscular. if you have very thin legs, these could be great and work for you. i loved the color, dark blue."	0
"Didn't like at all. itchy fabric, looked good on model but on on busty girl."	0
"The colors are so much brighter than pictured. although the sweater is very comfortable, i did not like the color combination. i will be returning it."	0
"And not in a good way. everywhere i went, i left a little of this sweater behind. within hours of having it on, i was picking balls of fabric off the couch, bed, and the sweater itself looked like it was molting. great style, fabric and fit (although a little on the long side,) but there's no way i can keep it."	0
"I bought these on sale and they quickly went back. i was very disappointed after reading the reviews. i thought for sure these would be a winner. however, i was sadly mistaken. i ordered another pair of jeans, the same, from a different brand. these were way too small while my others were too large. they didn't live up to my expectation and were still rather long. even though i bought these on sale, i was not happy with the quality."	0
"The chevron pattern on the mint/seaside version needs to be centered in the front to look right. mine was totally off so i returned it and had them overnight me a new one to my vacation address. unfortunately, the 2nd suit i received was also ""off center"". that one is going back too. would have loved this otherwise! a quality check on this is definitely needed.... beware."	0
"I purchased this swimsuit in the mint. gorgeous color combination. i'm 5'5"" and weigh 117 lbs. i purchased a small. the fit is true to size. i love the front design; however, my husband promptly brought the back of the swimsuit to my attention. the chevron was off center. the design should have been centered with my back; however, it was on the right side of my back. i immediately called retailer assuming the product was defective. the item was sold out on line; however, a supervisor was able to l"	0
"I agree with the other reviewer: the snaps at the ankle are a cute idea, but bad in execution. they look and feel odd when on. ---------- these fit tts, and they are soft with decent stretch. but the rise is much lower on me than other 8.5"" rise jeans i have; as a 43 year-old woman they seemed inappropriately low-hanging on me. ---------- as an aside, these will def. color transfer - there is a whole lotta rinse on these. and they have a strange chemical smell to them; not sure if that will diss"	0
Super cute dress but the waist band is very large and bulky.	0
"I love the way these jeans look and fit, but they have a chemical smell. i assumed the odor would go away after i washed them, but it doesn't seem to have helped."	0
I am 5 6' and 130 pounds and ordered this in an xs. the sweater is enormous. the material is also scratchy and not soft at all. i'm disappointed with retailer's sizing this year. i've had to return a # of xs items because they are huge. really disappointing.	0
"I wanted this dress so much, i ordered it twice. both times the zipper was defective--it would get stuck midway up, at the waistline--so i had to send it back (there isn't an retailer in my area). this is a shame because it's got great colors and looks flattering on, and i was looking forward to pairing it with a cardigan/boots for fall. i even thought about taking it to a seamstress to have the zipper replaced, but the cost didn't seem worth it. too bad, as it seems like it would be a nice"	0
"I like the design of the dress, but the fabric makes it look cheap. for an expensive dress, i had expected better quality."	0
"Beautiful fabric with soft drape. unfortunately the ""captain kangaroo"" pockets are awful. unless you have a straight up and down shape with no hips this is very unflattering. the pockets look like saddle bags and add a huge amount of fabric where most people don't want added bulk. very disappointing. returned."	0
"I bought this online with the intention of it being my graduation dress. i'm 5'2"", 115 pounds so i should've known better and gotten a ""petite"" style dress. however, i loved the modern look of this and since my boobs are a bit bigger (34d) i figured they would help fill it out. upon receiving the dress, i was first shocked that for the price, the construction was pretty poor quality: there were strings coming out of the straps and they looked unevenly sewn. when i put it on, it was clear that th"	0
"I do not understand all the great reviews but that goes to show everyone likes different things! the jacket looks great in the pictures but in person, it just looks awful! gray is one of my favorite colors but this color is so drab and the material looks old and worn. it definitely has a grunge look to it and overall, it is just a wrinkly mess. another reviewer said it looks like old clothes and i have to agree. it looks very shabby. it also reminds me of those smocks they have at the hair salon"	0
"This over-sized sweater is light-weight and scratchy. i knew it would fit big, but the neck is overly bulky. the color is a bright blue as depicted in the picture. fits a little larger (on me) than on the model. i'm petite so it overwhelmed me."	0
"Very disappointed in this top. i have a short waist, and it was still too short for me. :-("	0
"I bought this top thinking i would wear this and feel like i was part of some fashion week, but it's cut way too large that i felt like a football player. this top is made for women with small shoulders and a super petite frame. also, the cut is way too big. i was swimming in this."	0
"I was really excited for this jacket to arrive but it's going back. because the fabric is coated, it does not drape or hang nicely at all. i expected it to be boxy but it sticks out so oddly in every direction that it looks horrible. i'm usually an xs and ordered an xs and it looks ridiculous on me."	0
"The top was very small. i am usually a size small but this was tight around the top, arm holes and it was short. also i didn't notice if it said it was sheer ( see through) in the description but it definitely requires another shirt underneath."	0
"I wanted to love this dress. i ordered online and what you cannot see in the picture if the pleating on the dress. i ordered a medium, i am usually a large in retailer and the medium looked like a tent. i realize this should be loose fitting but it was huge."	0
"I was so excited to try these but was really disappointed in the fit. i found the legs and butt to be tight but the waist to be really big. if you are normally a size 24, i wouldn't bother with these."	0
"I read the cleaning instructions label carefully. followed them closely. and still, the dye ran and stained some of my colored clothes. pi**ed me off! just after the first wash and even before wearing them, i have streaks of uneven color on the pants. bad quality material or dye is what causes this. now i have to go and see if i can even get out my other stained clothes. thanks a lot retailer."	0
"In paper crown dresses, i wear a small or size 6, so for this top, i ordered a small. it was huge on me! for reference, i'm 5'7"", 130 lbs, 34a. it is very wide towards the bottom, and it flares out way more than in the picture. the material is also a little stiff, so it really sticks out. even if i sized down to the xs, i think the bottom would still look unflattering, so i'm returning this."	0
"This dress is huge. also, i was super disappointed in the fabric. i thought it would be silly like a georgette. but it was coarse, more like a poplin, and thin. i thought it looked cheap."	0
"The neck is so big on this sweater, i couldn't make it lay right. the shape of the sweater is odd. it is really wide on the upper torso, but tapers near your waist. it did not look as depicted on the model. the sweater is a lovely color, i liked the two-tone, but overall the fit was too weird for me. material is soft and it felt really nice on, but just too oddly shaped and a crazy big neck."	0
This shirt is not near as nice as it may look the fabric is just ok it runs large i ordered a xs and the neck line was huge and gaping not worth the money even on sale	0
It's a beautiful top but not for bigger busts. ordered an xl and the top part would not button. i recommend for those with smaller busts.	0
Not a tunic unless the model pictured is 5'1. barely covered my backside and not as advertised. design on top is interesting and the fabric is soft so it's a good buy if 50% off or more.	0
I was interested in this sweater because i actually thought it was a tunic. the sweater is much shorter than i thought. i wish i could return it. i bought a size large which is my normal size.	0
Really well made. beautiful. sadly it is very short. not a tunic at all.	0
"This dress was my absolute favorite recent retailer purchase. the fit is so flattering. i think this dress runs true to size-i usually wear a size 6 in hd in paris, and that's what size i ordered. i expect i could have fit in a 4 but the 6 is comfortable. i am 5'4'' but i ordered the regular length and it hit just above the knee. i agree that it could use pockets but no need for lining. however-- i just laundered this dress for the first time-hand wash, lay flat to dry (as recommended) and this dr"	0
"Finally received this in the mail today and was very disappointed. i am swimming in the xs (5'4"", 110lbs). the colors are much more vibrant that shown in the pics - the green is a bright kelly green, the red is much more red than rust colored, etc. and it's a sweater coat! for the price i was expecting it to be lined and higher quality. i don't doubt that it will be warm, but can't justify the price. it's going back to the store."	0
"Ordered online, and when it came i was very excited to open it - but the photo doesn't show how incredibly wide the cut is. it is also quite cropped and looked very awkward on me - 5'9, 130. the embroidery is lovely, but the style doesn't work. i had a small, but the area in the shoulders was cut very tight and it would not have worked well if i wanted to raise or lower my arms above shoulder height. might work better on someone with a more petite frame, but i do caution how ""voluminous"" the cut"	0
"I was so sad not to love this dress. it is beautiful, but is so unflattering on. there is a lot of material under the arms and it gathers up due to the smocking. so, it just made me look incredibly frumpy. i don't really think a petite would have helped - the gathers just bunch a bit and so rather than hang, the dress sort of clumps. i am lean but broad shouldered and maybe that is the problem, but i was super disappointed. narrow shouldered people with long torsos could pull this off. it is a t"	0
"These pants looked worn, washed & old looking when i received them! the quality is super thin cotton as if it's been washed a million times & is about to fall apart! the workmanship is terrible. you can see loose stitching all over. the top portion is too tight & looks terrible stretched out. i liked absolutely nothing about this pants except the idea of them from the picture online..."	0
The wash on these jeans made my hips look twice as big. that in combination with the looser boyfriend cut was not flattering. quality was excellent. denim was thick with the right amount of stretch. unfortunately they had to go back.	0
"I have been looking for a nice, white tunic and i should have known when i saw this was one size fits all. maybe because i am petite (5'2"") but there was so much material hanging everywhere that it made me look even shorter and fat. who wants that? so sending it back."	0
I'm not sure why this dress is getting great reviews. the plunging neckline is ridiculous and ran down to the underwire of my bra and the slit up the side came up to the upper part of my thigh. it was one of the worst fitting/cut dresses i've every tried on at retailer. i'm 5'4 125. maybe you have to be 6 feet tall and 90 pounds for this dress to not look like a bad renaissance faire costume.	0
"I'm normally a size 25p. i bought these in a 26 because i wanted a more relaxed fit. i could barely pull them up over my calves. i could get them on and button them, but i felt like a sausage stuffed into a straw. size up 2 sizes at least!"	0
"I purchased this sweater in my usual xs, but found the silhouette to be way more tent-like than pictured on the model. the knit is pretty stiff, too, so the sweater didn't lay flat but hung on me in kind of a triangle shape. also, the sweater knit was heavier than i expected from the picture and seemed to be more of a fall weight piece. i am fairly small, but lately i'm finding that retailer pieces are huge in an xs and i have to size down to xxs. i know i'm not that tiny ... maybe this wou"	0
This dress overwhelmed me. i'm 5 feet tall and the print and material just took over.	0
"I ordered this and thought it would be cute for work, but it tuns out the sleeves are ridiculously long. i am 5 foot 10 and do not have short arms. also it is a bit short waisted for me. i do love the floral detail of the button."	0
"This dress runs very large. i am 5'4 and 120 lbs, hourglass, curvy build. i ordered a size small and its enormous on me. the description says fitted but it is not fitted at all. it's like a big wool sack. i'd have to gain 30 lbs for this dress to come close to fitting. i'm very sad that the fit is so far off and the dress is now all sold out in all smaller sizes, including petite. (i never normally buy petite clothes but i think i would have to get a petite xs if it were available). the dress lo"	0
"I tried this dress on in store. i loved it online, but in person....not so much. it looked and felt like a cheap halloween costume. the fabric was bad. really bad.. the mustard color was beautiful.... boo"	0
"I wanted so much to love this dress, but unfortunately the fit was so poor i had to return it. the color of the dress (green) was lovely, and i liked the fabric and the overall design very much. i read the reviews and decided to order an extra small petite given that reviewers said the dress ran large; but even at that size the dress was too large, especially around the hips (which, for someone with an hourglass figure, is saying a lot!). the extra fabric around the hips belled out some, making"	0
Material is too thin and quality is poor	0
Looks much nicer in the photo. i expected a much higher quality fabric. this fabric truly felt cheap. i expected a nicer dress for the price. the fit was unflattering on me. sent it back	0
"I bought this dress in an xs, and am 5'4"", 115 lbs, and fairly proportional. the shoulders were snug, but the hips (and maybe waist)were at least 2-3x too big. comically so-- the fabric stood away from my body like wings on each side."	0
I would really like this dress if the material were a little thicker. it's really thin so you can see my nipples straight through the dress. you can't wear a bra with it because it is backless so i don't understand how you are supposed to wear this outside of the house.	0
"Recently received this and was very disappointed with the quality. the fabric was very thin, easily stretched out of shape. price is ridiculous for this item!"	0
"I was so disappointed with the quality of this dress, especially because it looks so beautiful on the model. the fabric was so thin that after one hand wash, it's already developing a tiny hole and pilling. also, it is definitely not a ""day dress""--i wore it as a swim coverup, but it is much too thin and pajama-like to be worn as an actual dress. the color is much different in person--the blue is brighter and, for lack of a better way to describe it, cheap looking. the white banding around the t"	0
"I saw this top online and ordered immediately! i loved the color, lace, and unique details. sadly it just arrived and it is a disaster! the lace is stiff and doesn't lay softly, and is very rough against your skin. the style ( and i like shorter style tops) is extremely boxy and the sleeves protrude outwards in a funny way.,..... that although i am so in love with this color, i would be embarrassed to wear this top in public. it could have been fantastic, if the lace was softer, and some a"	0
"This is an adorable basic & i should have been wearing it once a week this summer, but instead the fabric developed noticeable holes after the very first wear. this brand makes some of the softest, cutest tees, but unfortunately more often than not are unwearable after the first or second wash. i wash on gentle & hang dry. not worth the cost."	0
"I don't know how to explain, but this dress at least for me did not look like the model, first off the dress is extremely heavy and extremely long and then where the fur starts, for me it didn't start at the right spot so it was very awkward looking... so definitely not for my type of body, i am normal height (5'5'', athletic and curvy body) but maybe for a very tall person looks good! the material is very interesting, it's so soft!"	0
"Saw this online and went in to try on. fit great and is true to size, but i should have known there would be issues as three out of six on the rack had the sewn in tags were all but hanging by a thread. i bought this for my bachelorette weekend in napa and when i put this on i noticed the straps had a few threads coming out and i thought, better get this to the seamstress as soon as i get home to secure the straps. well, literally five minutes into the car ride to the wineries i noticed the seam"	0
"Runs very large and way too much fabric. i wanted this top to work because it looks cute on hanger. i usually wear s/m and the xs had too much fabric. may work better on someone with longer torso and taller. i am 5'6.5"" 36c 126lbs"	0
"I ordered the taupe version of this tee, which was a medium brown with black stripes. the fabric felt itchy and rough, and was pretty sheer for not being light colored. i didn't care for the fit, which was extremely boxy and wide; from the picture, i expected an a-line fit, but not a wide drop with webbed underarms. i ordered 2 sizes, and could have worn the smaller if i'd kept this tee. it runs on the larger side. what astounded me most was that both tees i ordered were sewn with completely cro"	0
I bought the shirt in ivory and went down a size per the advice from other reviewers. what i should have done was go down 2 sizes! runs huge! my husband said i looked pregnant and that's never a good look if your not. sent this back the same day.	0
"Wanted to love this dress - pretty fabric and colors. i think it would be more flattering on a taller woman (i'm 5'3"", ordered a s), this just looked like a nightgown on me. sorry to say it's going back."	0
"The fabric of this top is lovely. the fit not so. it does not fit as shown on the model. the fit is very large around the middle and fits more like a ""swing"" top. i am 5'9"" slim build. i ordered my usual size medium. shoulders and back fit perfectly. too much material around the middle. had it had a straight cut to it, as shown, i'd keep it. because it doesn't it's going back."	0
"I tried this on in a medium in the store and it was too big overall. i thought it was a nice concept for a feminine, whimsical top so i ordered a small online. but even then a small is still too big (and i usually wear a medium or an 8 in tops). maybe if it was slimmer through the ribs/waist area it could work but it just ends up looking maternity-ish and too voluminous everywhere below the bust. the front was too short, as well (stopped higher than what is shown on the model and i'm assuming sh"	0
"I loved this romper so much! the material is thin, but perfect for summer. the style is just what i was looking for. it's so so cute and fit perfectly...at first. i wore it one time and then washed it exactly as described on the tag and it shrunk beyond recognition. it went from loose and flowy, like on the model, to little booty shorts and a body suit...not the look i was going for. i am so disappointed."	0
"It was so cute in the pictures and i was looking for something to wear to my trip to europe so i purchased it but it really didn't live up to my expectations. i'm 5'3, 115 and got a s. it looked odd on me...a little too short on the bottom, a bit too big on top and overall i thought the material looked cheap for the price. i returned it."	0
"I really liked this shirt the one time i got to wear it...but when i washed it, according to the directions on the tag, it shrunk! a lot! the sleeves are now too tight, and it is much shorter. thinking about returning it to the store, but in any case, i cannot wear it again."	0
"The design and style of shirt is quite cute -- but the mountain pictures is not mont blanc, nor does the mountain find itself near chamomix. it is an unmistakable image of the matterhorn and the small town of zermatt is at its base."	0
"I ordered these because of the side zipper, but they zip in front, even though the order listing and bag label called them ""wine, side zip pants."" they were also at least two sizes larger than marked and very flimsy material. what bothers me is that i was charged $5.95 to send them back, even though the product description (and the name before someone changed it on the website) were wrong."	0
"I absolutely love mother jeans, but i unfortunately had to return these ones. this particular style seemed to run pretty small. too, i always size up in white jeans, and even the size up that i had ordered were just too tight. i typically wear a 28 in mother, and ordered a 29 in these."	0
"Really wanted to luv this top buttt it ran small in arm length & in the front, bottom...backside was perfect coverage...also most important this top is see-through! item as pictured is not accurate!"	0
The top is totally see through and fabric some what itchy.  it also feels cheap to the touch.  i love the idea but can't keep it for this price...i'm a shorty so i'd have to hem it too! sadly will return.	0
"I'm baffled why none of the other reviewers have mentioned how large these pants are. i ordered the petite small, and i'm always a small. these are huge. i felt like i had on a large. i like the thin material and color, and i'm sad that they are so large."	0
This would have been a cute top but the shoulder seams come halfway down the arm and give it a really weird shape. it looks smooth and fine on the model but in real life they stick out and make you look boxy. too bad!	0
"Guess i should've looked at the pictures more closely. i ordered the white version and in the pictures you can't see that the sleeves are split - and it barely shows in the picture for the blue version. it also would've helped if the detail of the sleeves were noted in the item description. anyway, i will be returning this top because i don't like the way the sleeves look each time i bend my arms. looks a bit pirate-like to me."	0
"I was aware of the split sleeves when i purchased-- hoping to try something new. they're not attractive. the slit stays open with any movement. i don't think it would be appropriate for work . overall the fit is true to size. i otherwise liked the design, but the sleeves made this a quick return ...."	0
When i returned this the salesperson asked what was wrong w it bc it keeps being returned. i got the black w the white collar/cuffs. i thought it was terribly itchy material (which could be remedied w a shirt underneath) but the white collar part was such a dull ugly white-dirty color. maybe the other colors are better?	0
This is a very soft and comfortable jacket but it has holes in the pocket area. it was returned to the store and the other jackets had the same problem although not in the same area. the store was considering pulling the product off their shelves. it is unclear if the holes are just the beginning of a pocket or what. but it was flawed by everyone who looked at it.	0
I ordered this blouse because it was such a good price on sale but should have paid closer attention to the reviews. the slits on the sleeves are much more noticeable than in the photo and the blouse just didn't work for me. something about it reminded me of seinfeld's pirate shirt. i appreciate retailer's return policy. i took it back to the store and got an immediate refund on my cc.	0
"I really like this dress/shirt. it's great for layering, super cute and will hide my traditional holiday and this year's pregnancy weight gain. i think it will be so cute with some leggings and boots.  unfortunately the back panel of the dress does not seem to vary based on the size. this may sound weird but i've tried on an 8 and a 10 and the ability to reach forward didn't change between the two sizes. i just returned the 10 and am hopeful the 12 i ordered will be slightly roomier in the back."	0
"It is so cute in the picture but wasn't flattering on me. it also felt like i couldn't raise my arms while wearing it. i love retailer and will be a forever fan, but this dress just wasn't for me."	0
"This top fit perfectly but too much of my bra was showing through the black lace. it would be a great top to use as loungewear, though."	0
This is adorable but if it truly has to be dry-cleaned that is deal killer	0
"I ordered a size small. i am 5'7"" size 6 and the dress was a mini on me! way shorter than on the taller model. the stomach and hips gaped out from my body yet the waist was cut way too high, so the dress was both too small and too big! very odd fit. the material is soft, thick, stretchy and has a textured pattern which i liked. this one is going back."	0
"I was so looking forward to wearing these pants on an upcoming trip. i already had my outfits planned! when these pants arrived, however, they were very different from those shown in the pictures online. firstly, the pants are, in actuality, quite cropped. i am 5'9-- the model in the pictures is at least that height, if not taller-- and the hems were several inches above my ankles. secondly, the pants appear to be an even wider cut than what's shown, although the width of the pant legs may have"	0
"I really wanted to like this dress, but where the skirt meets the top of the dress in the back creates sort of a hunchback effect in the back. will be returning."	0
"I did not like the fit of this. as another reviewer stated, it is not a swing tunic. it hangs fairly straight. i don't have large hips. i'm 5'8"" and 120 lbs with a full bust and this did not look flattering. i returned it immediately."	0
"This was not what i was expecting. at all. i am a medium in just about everything but ordered a large to possibly wear this as a dress instead of a tunic since i am around 5' 4"". the large fit like a small on me, and not like a typical oversized sweater type small, but a normal fitted top small. a previous reviewer said it is long and straight, and i think that is a good description for it. i think the models wearing this in the pictures are all wearing an extra-large #or a different cut of the"	0
"This is another one of those darned swing tops. i can't even with this trend. this shirt has such a nice print/color palette going on but it's ruined by the swing cut/henley combo- it looked like i was a little kid wearing an oversized men's night shirt/smock? i don't know, it was just not at all flattering. i ordered my regular size large and a medium would have worked and probably still been generously cut. i disagree with a reviewer who said it might work for larger sizes.. this just made my"	0
"Description is wrong. not a swing tunic. more long and straight. keep that in mind when buying this. if you have hips, this might not be the top for you"	0
"I thought these were gorgeous and was going to buy them although the price was a bit high. in fact, two separate women came up to me as i was walking around the store and asked where i got the pants because the colors are so vivid. however, as we were looking at the items, we noticed that both the green and the blue both had several small holes in them due to stitching quality, as the previous reviewer noted. therefore, none of us purchased the pants.  the staff at the store were very helpful"	0
"Really wanted to like this and took chances based on other reviews, even with the sale price and addtl discount. it's basically $30 blouse fabric with design and detail-work of a much more expensive blouse. the white is sheer and and fabric will wrinkle easily. if it were black, you could probably get away with it, but the white shows too many flaws and will wrinkle. sad to have to send it back."	0
"I am sooooooo massively disappointed in this purchase. i thought i had found the perfect pant in this style. both more comfortable and more flattering than similar styles in the store. i wanted to wear them every day; received lots of compliments; felt that you could dress up or down; etc. this is where i have to admit that i wore them several times straight from the store before washing. on the second wear, i noticed threads coming out on the seams, but just on one side of one leg. this was irr"	0
I ordered this dress in the green color. the dress did not look like the picture. i returned the dress since it looked like something to wear to a farm barnyard dance. i returned the dress.	0
"This dress looks great online with boots as shown. when it arrived and i tried it on, it fit great on my arms, wasn't too tight on my neck, but once it went down over my chest (36c), the dress never came back ""in"" to show my feminine waist/shape. it just looked like a big trash bag on me, very disappointing! similar to a mumu."	0
"I loved this dress. it runs small (i'm normally a 2) so i had to get a 4. in the fitting room, the zippers got stuck a lot. i assumed it was just from the way the waist was sewn in. finally i found a dress that would zip pretty well.   i went to put on this dress for my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding. my fiance and i tried in vain for 20 minutes to try to zip it up... and then it broke. the part that was zipped became unzipped and the zipper had no where to go. it was awful. i co"	0
I ordered online. i sized up one size. it fit perfect. so flattering and so pretty. then i tried to take it off and the zipper stuck...badly. 30 minutes later i was sadly packing it up to ship back. the zipper is that awful.	0
"I bought this online so didn't realize that the fabric at the bottom is very, very stiff. i was expecting something silky, or at least on the softer and more moveable side. the best description i can think of is an overly starched mens dress shirt. that being the case, it kind of juts out in weird places. the sweater part is very nice, but it is somewhat closer fitting than what it seems in the picture. the fabric bottom is too ample for the slimmer design of the sweater which just adds to the o"	0
"My conscience screamed at me not to buy this sweater and i wish i had listened! i noted the fact that it was acrylic and also the fact that it was oversized. but i also loved the design and can't resist anything with mustard yellow. i was instantly disappointed when i received it, almost didn't even try it on. how can they possibly charge $185 for terrible itchy 80's acrylic? it looks cheap, it feels cheap and it didn't even fit well. only redeeming quality: easily returnable!"	0
"Loved this dress when i tried it on in the store and thought it would be perfect for a casual wedding. unfortunately, the day of the wedding the zipper split and i had to wear something else. it fit well, but was poorly made. based off other reviews, this isn't the first time this has happened with this dress! not worth the risk at all."	0
"This is a really cute dress, just did not look flattering on me at all. i suppose i could have gone down a size, however i just did not love it. i am 5'3"" 130#, athletic build, 36dd. i read the other reviews and everyone loves this dress. here is what i did not like. there are pockets, which i cannot figure out the purpose, that lay oddly all bunched up right at the hips. due to the shape of the dress, it bunches out. on my short frame, it made me look shorter and wider. the fabric is a lightwei"	0
"This dress looks and feels cheap. the white material is stiff and does not iron nicely. the grey sweater is super thin and very cheap looking. overall, a pretty horrible dress. save your money,"	0
"I'm usually a fan of maeve, but this dress is just bad. the fabric is thin and filmy, and it stretches to sheer over your chest. the turtleneck is neither tight nor loose, it just droops in a most unfortunate way."	0
"I wanted to like this dress, but it just did not work for a bustier frame. the fabric is quite loose, does not nip in at the waist and is not particularly clingy, so if you are well-endowed, your assets create a bit of a shelf from which the rest of the dress just hangs. as a result, the swing comes from the apex of your chest as opposed to from your hips (as on the model), and the asymmetrical hemline makes the look even more awkward. on smaller curves, this would likely be very flattering, but"	0
I have several maeve dresses that fit really well. this was not the case with this dress. fabric and color are great! fit was off especially in top. worst part was zipper that wouldn't move smoothly. took me a good 15 minutes to get it unzipped. such a bummer!	0
"This dress is so cute! i went to the store to try it on and although i knew the dress would fit i could not get the zipper up. my mom, the sales lady and i all tried to get the zipper up and it would not move past the ribbon. i wish i could have bought this dress but i can't without a working zipper. i tried a size up and every dress at the store that was my size and none of them worked. please fix the zipper problem so i can have this dress!"	0
This dress is so cute but it's going back. the zipper is horrible and all of the other reviews are true - you'll need to size up.	0
"I tried a size x small on in the store and i am 5'4"" 120 lbs. i had trouble getting my head through the dress, and once i did it felt so tight at the neck, as if it was chocking me. the dress color is very nice but the tight neck and odd arm holes were a no. i would not recommend this dress for those reasons."	0
"I should have listened to the previous review on-line before ordering. unfortunately this will go back as the design fit and proportions are simply off. i love uniquely shaped wraps like this, but this one didn't make the cut for me."	0
"Oh, i wanted this dress to work! i bought it in green, red and the solid blue. all ran really small. i *just* fit in a 10, when i would normally take a 6 in retailer sizes (5'8"" and 140 lbs). as with many other reviewers, i also noticed that the zipper was a huge flaw. it took a long, slow motion to get it zipped because it would get stuck on the fabric variations. such a cute style, was really bummed it didn't work. i kept ordering it in other colors thinking i would hit the jackpot, but they wer"	0
"This is literally the most unflattering thing i have ever tried on from retailer. the sleeves are so weird and ugly. they get really fat at the top, like a dolman sleeve, but it looks really strange because they don?t flow into the rest of the top, which is very structured. it made my shoulders look huge even though i have very narrow shoulders. this is not apparent in the model picture at all. the thick black seams at the shoulders are also placed in a really awkward spot which also contri"	0
I am not sure who would look good in this dress. it is extremely oversized with tons of fabric that will not flatter anyone!	0
"Ref: 5'4"", 125# 27/4, 32g. i don't think this is for us shorter women. this hits you right where you don't want a vertical line to hit. it flares out at your hip and makes you look shorter than you are. the fabric is like a double gauze and very soft and the colors are beautiful but i couldn't even dream of making this work. i thought maybe with my larger bust it would create shape but it looks like i just wrapped a bunch of fabric around me! glad i tried in-store and didn't online order."	0
"I loved this top online but it arrived very wrinkled which raised a red flag as to how it would look after wearing it. seemed high maintenance. also, didn't love the fit. color is vibrant but overall not a fan of this top."	0
"I stalked this sold out product for weeks hoping my size would become available. when it did, i was very excited, in fact i ordered both a s and xs to be sure one sweater would fit me! unfortunately, neither did and i felt the actual sweater was not as pictured. the sweater has an overall baggy fit and the cutouts don't fall as neatly and as evenly on both shoulders as the picture shows, making the look a bit sloppy in my opinion. it is such a shame as this look is very of the moment and the mod"	0
"I bought this top in the store, which was good because i ended up wearing a size smaller than i usually do. i loved the flowy fit of it. the washing instructions say machine wash cold, tumble dry low. i washed it on cold and hung it to dry. it shrank to the point of being unwearable (the dreaded button gap!) and lost its softness. i hope the store lets me return it."	0
"I really wanted to love the shorts.  when i read that the shorts were lined, i expected them to be lined so that my underwear didn't show.  even though the shorts are lined, you can see through the fabric completely.  this was absolutely disappointing since the shorts have a lovely exterior design; pockets; and, comfortable waistline.  i'm returning the shorts as well."	0
"I fell in love with this shirt the moment i saw it! unfortunately, when i went to put it on, there was a hole running down the seam in the back. i went to store to exchange, wore the shirt, and someone tells me i have two holes in the back of my shirt. horrified, i went home, took a look, both holes along the seam! i will be returning this, i really liked this shirt!"	0
"I love good, flowy blouses and like the over sized look, but this one didn't wow me. i thought the quality was just ok. it didn't flatter me. i almost liked it, but i didn't. i'm glad i tried it on, because looking at the pics online i thought i'd like it way more than i did. just not great."	0
I loved the star pattern of this top but the cut was odd. it is very big in the chest and full at the bottom. for anyone who is petite on top it tends to look sloppy.	0
"This top was gorgeous and fit perfectly right out of the bag, with only a quick ironing. unfortunately, the first time i washed it (cold water, hang dry), it shrunk so that it no longer fits across the bust without tape where it was once roomy, is much shorter, and feels rougher to the touch. like another reviewer said (unfortunately, after i had purchased and washed!), i wish the label would have just said to dry clean only, because i regret washing it and would have done otherwise if i had kno"	0
I got the blue. it is very short. one side of the shirt i received was shorter that the other. the material feels cheap and pleats out a bit right over the bust - only flattering on small busted models.	0
"I wore this for a few hours, and while it i got compliments i ended up needing to return it after the seams opened up over the shoulder blades. the fabric is so fine that during the normal goings-about of my day it gave way. and no, i didn't buy too small, and the fabric didn't pull while i was driving or reaching for anything."	0
I absolutely loved this top. it fit great and was easy to dress up or down. i wore it once and washed it according to the tag. cold water and flat dry. it is now 4 sizes too small and unwearable. extremely disgusted.	0
"I really wanted to like this but the fit was just off. it made me look like i was very pregnant and i usually wear loose and flowy tops too. this one was just too much material. i am usually an xs and that was the right size for me. i thought about taking to a seamstress and having some of the material taken in, but decided in the end to return because i just didn't love it. the pink color and the fabric are nice,  though there were several hanging threads too which is why i gave quality a 3."	0
"I was so curious to see this skirt. it looks just like pic. really gorgeous bold pattern and a faux suede like fabric. my only problem was that i thought there was too much fabric. i love maxi skirts. i am 5&#39;8&quot; and 136 lbs. it was a bit long on me but just had too much fabric. i have slim hips but this made them look larger. skirt is almost ballroom gown like in its fullness. loved it and someone else might love it but for me, it was too much. wish it worked!"	0
"This romper fit like a dream!  it is gorgeous, unique, and sexy. i am rating this 2 stars because it took me 20 minutes to try it on!  there is no zipper and the only way to get it on and off is by buttoning and unbuttoning the small buttons on the top. nobody's got time for that!!!!  i wanted so desperately to wear it to my friend's 40th birthday party. but i imagined myself spending half the night in the restroom trying to get this romper on and off. no thank you!  i considered buying the romp"	0
"Love the idea of this top, but it is so thin and the sequins look so cheap. the quality reminds me of something you would buy for $20 at a market abroad. definitely disappointed with the quality for the price. will be retuning."	0
"I was so excited to receive this jumpsuit as it looks so elegant and i love the lattice back. as soon as it arrived i set about unbuttoning it to try it on. 10 minutes and 2 broken fingernails later i got done. when i tried it on i found that it fit everywhere except the bust which was much too tight and i am not a busty person. so back it goes. even if it had fit, i do not think i could have handled the hassle of those buttons. why they didn't design it with a hidden zipper on the side and kept"	0
"This looks cute on the model but was way too big, loose and sloppy for me. i probably needed a petite size. i ordered a regular xs, but returned it. it is an okay black top, nothing great."	0
"This jumpsuit is so cute and it looked amazing on. i had to return it because of the poor design. it was extremely hard to put on and take off! there are so many buttons to do and undo which are not as easy as snaps! the fabric buttons definitely make a great look to the jumpsuit but there should be a zipper on the side for easy access, or use snaps instead of the loops for the fabric buttons. what a shame of a lovely and classy design on a good quality material, but not worth it if it's difficu"	0
"I was excited to get this shirt in the mail, i liked the pattern a lot, but was so disappointed when i tried it on. i am 5'4"", 130 lbs. and wear a c cup so i tried ordering a small as a starting point. there was enough fabric on the sides to make another shirt! despite the excess fabric, the shirt pulled open in the chest area, making it a complete fail. i'm sure the model in the photo must have the shirt clipped in the back to pull in the excess fabric, especially since she's small on top. ther"	0
I agree with all of the reviews. the design and fit are wonderful if you can get it on.! the buttons are a nightmare! whoever made these clesrly sewed the loopholes on the buttons closed with no thought as how to open them or get them off. ridiculous! they need to put a side zipper on this as i will probably check into since i really want to keep it. so so so disappointing	0
"I was expecting a lot more, but this was disappointing. the material is thin and the quality isn't great. it also hung loose, just too loose, as it runs very very large i returned it"	0
"I was really excited to get this dress, i initially ordered a small (i am a size 4) but when i tried it on, it was really tight. the bodice at the top fit strangely-i had to shorten the straps quite a bit, and the dress just looked off. i love retailer and get all of my dresses from there, and the look of the dress on line was beautiful, but just didn't fit right. i did love the lace look, and would love seeing more dresses with this design."	0
"This jumpsuit looked so great on the model, and looked so hideous on me. i'm 5'4"" and in great shape, and this jumpsuit looked absolutely ridiculous....not to mention it rode right up my backside in the worst possible way. i'm so disappointed!"	0
"As someone with a large chest and a smaller waist, i found this top incredibly unflattering (and i like swingy tops). it was too short, too wide in the hips, and too tight in the bust. the pattern and fabric are very pretty though."	0
I was very disappointed with my recent retailer order. i ordered the meleri eyelet tank and it had a stain on the front. i also order a dress that came with a tear in the fabric. sale items should not be damaged unless the customer is aware of the damage and accepts it in that condition. very disappointing.	0
"So, i want to start off by saying, the quality of this shirt really was great. as was the pattern, unfortunately if you're going off the picture know that they definitely pinned in the sides on the model. this shirt has a full on triangle shape and flares significantly towards the bottom, it's not a straight fit as the picture would suggest. i'm sure this works for some women but if you're muscular with an already v-shape to your body (meaning your shoulders are significantly sized and you have"	0
"Loved the material and the style. unfortunately, my fears came true when i received this swimsuit, and there wasn't enough support despite a review i had read. as a 36d, i thought the halter would be enough support, however, the material is too stretchy to rely on that completely. i am sad i won't be keeping this though. the material is heavenly!!!"	0
I wouldn't be so unhappy if these pants cost about 75% less. they are so cheaply constructed. one wash and they're all but guaranteed to shrink. the material is so cheap and flimsy not at all what i expect from retailer. they are also 32 inch inseam not 35.5 as stated on the web site which is the whole reason i bought them.	0
"For me, this looked better in the picture. i found the actual item more garish in person, and way too scratchy (on the outside) for my liking. hard pass for this petite."	0
"I'm 5'4"", 32c and 125 lbs. i ordered the size 4p and while the color and fabric is pretty, the back and front bodice were much to low to wear a bra even if i were to shorten the straps. it was also very tight across my ribs. despite ordering a petite, the hem was much too long. i ended up returning it."	0
"This runs sooo big! i normally wear a large ( 145lb, 5'-4"", 36dd) but due to the limited sizing small or medium i chose small because it looked big on the model and this style of dress seem to run large. the size small that i ordered couldve fit two people easily together! i loved the pattern, color and the slip underneath actually fit well but i dont want to look like im wearing a tent, lol. also, the back is slightly longer than the front, something i couldnt see from the pictures online."	0
"This top was a big disappointment. i ordered two of the grey motif with the print of the forest animals in size 16. neither of them fit well, but one was cut much smaller than the other. i've had this problem with all of the numerically-sized buttondown style of maeve tops. i don't understand why in size 14 & 16, this keeps happening. that's why i purchase two of each. usually one fits and the other doesn't. this time, unfortunately, neither worked. they both were too tight in the arms/shoulders"	0
"Gorgeous, but so big. i got eh pxs and it's like a mumu. i wiill return"	0
"I like my dresses oversized but this one is ridiculous. it's seriously unflattering. i usually between a m & a l and i got a small and it's still massive. but the slip is tiny.   it looks so cute in the picture. but not good in person."	0
"I'm 5' 7 and bough a size 8 regular. this is so short that if you wear with jeans you can see a midriff. cute pattern, but i'm returning it."	0
I liked this top okay but i did not think it was worth full price. i thought it was only average.	0
"This top is too short, so much so that tucking it in would be difficult. the designs are lovely, but the short length is putting this top back on the rack."	0
Wanted to love this colorful romper. the fabric was suuuuper thin and very cheap feeling and looking. no way would i wear this.	0
"The skiers, cats, and puffin patterns are adorable and i was very tempted to keep the shirts just for the patterns. unfortunately, the fit was awful. i am short and need to highlight my waist and this shirt did the opposite. the skier fabric is also see-through. the tenting issue could be fixed if you belt the shirt or tuck it in, but it is not very long. 100% rayon fabric is a bummer too. the shirt was snug at the bicep, but not as bad as i expected from the reviews. i sized up from an 8 to 10."	0
I was very excited about this product. when i saw it the pattern was beautiful in the romantic floral and the bottom band looked like the bathing suit was a little longer so i felt it would be good for a large chest. when i received the package i knew instantly it ran small. i tried it on and it barely covered half of my chest. also the band at the bottom is actually very small and not what i expected. the print is just as lovely in person as it is online. i don't even know if sizing up will mak	0
"Pretty design, but when i tried it on, the fabric was thin and delicate. i don't think it would last long with much wear. too bad. if the fabric were sturdier, it'd be great as the cut is flattering and i love the pockets."	0
"Loved the open shoulders, but not how large and flowy the rest of it was. i could have worn it 9 months preggo ;)"	0
I wore this bodysuit once. it had a hole under the arm when i took it off	0
"I love(d) this top. it was my go to top even in the heat, the fabric is light and breathes. however, pulled it out of the washing mashing to find that the sleeve has shredded away from the body. it could not be repaired. i am so disappointed as i really loved everything about it."	0
"I love finding unique retailer pieces that don't require dry cleaning. i was excited to find this shirt, but it's not flattering. the bottom hem is a little tight, which makes the rest of the shirt look bulky. perhaps it would work better on people who have narrow hips. i also didn't like the pink tones when i saw the colors in person. i'll be returning this item."	0
"I drooled over this dress online, so couldn't pass up trying it on at my local retailer store. while i loved the unique color in person, & the drape of the skirt (good quality, fully lines), i was so disappointed with the top of this dress! it's very tight, ill-fitting, & just plain...weird. i can't imagine the fit of the top being flattering on anyone, regardless of chest size. it's a shame, because otherwise, the dress is adorable!"	0
"This dress is cuter is person than online, but it has one huge issue - there is a teeny tiny button at the neck that is held on by a thread and requires fingers the size of a two year old to get open. it fell off the minute i tried to undo it. i can't believe these other reviewers didn't have the same problem. or, maybe they put a snap there instead. too bad."	0
"I was leery of purchasing this blazer online without any reviews to read...and now i know better. the color and fabric are nice and what you would expect from the photos. the sleeves, however, ran small compared to the body. the shoulders also pulled and felt narrow compared to the torso. the body the opposite...too large and not flattering on an hourglass figure...no darts, no fitted places, nothing making it tailored to fit. open it hung wide with an unflattering silhouette. buttoned, it sprea"	0
"I love the color of this dress. it is not flattering, even though it should be. the weird panels of different materials makes it hang super funky. the lace is heavy but the silky panels aren't. so not flattering, it's just odd. and the fit is super huge, you are swimming in it in addition to a poor body drape. it could have been so cute, but was executed so poorly."	0
"What a let down. the sweater i received in no way resembles the product pictured. based on the original price point, i envisioned a beautiful hand-knitted sweater made of high grade yarn/ wool that i could use for travel. instead, i received something that is grossly oversized for xs/s, made out of weird crafting yarn and looks like an ugly holiday sweater. my kids could make something better than this on their toy loom. not the quality i expected from retailer. back it goes."	0
"I thought this would be a cute business attire skirt. i hate to say it, but i felt like it flared out as if i were amelia bedelia or some whacky children's book character and not retailer. the fabric made it look bulky. i sadly had to return it."	0
"Love the design of the fabric. i actually bought these in both colors. i gave only 1 star due stitching on the fabric, it's very scratchy."	0
"I have wanted this dress since i first tried it on in april. finally got it as a birthday gift and after looking at it closely there was makeup on the collar. i checked the instructions and it says ""cold water wash"". so i washed only the collar part by hand and every part that got water on it bled!!! looks like the popsicles are melting! i'm so sad because this dress is adorable! i'm buying another in hopes retailer will make this right by taking back the first one. should be dry clean only!"	0
"Such a beautiful and unique design - i only wish it fit! it is so, so boxy - i'm thin, but would have needed almost a foot of fabric removed in order to make it look right (and i don't mean making it super tight). the seaming and button details on the back are such that it would be tough to have a tailor refit it appropriately. so, i had to return this, despite really wanting to find a way to make it work."	0
"This dress is very cute and well made. unfortunately it was too short waisted for me and runs small in the bust. the arm holes were too big yet the bust small, very weird fit on me. i am six feet tall with 38c bust, maybe if you are shorter with smaller chest this dress will work for you. it has a thin lining and is not see through even though it is white fabric. i love the dress it just wasn't made for my tall figure."	0
"I was so excited to get this classic-looking retailer dress- i love the ladylike shape and whimsical print. the popsicle print on this dress is really, truly adorable. unfortunately, the dress is cut really weird and it made me feel like screaming: i bought a size two and it was snug and gaping at the chest (and i'm only a 32b, ladies, so be warned!) at the same time, the arm holes were huge, i mean massively big. i think if you have a swimmer's body this might work. otherwise, you'll for sure nee"	0
"I love the look of this dress on model but sadly, fit didn't work out. very short waisted and tight across chest with very ample arm holes. i'm 5'8"", 155, 34c, reliably a size 10. this dress seemed at least 2 sizes off for me. my daughter, usually a size 2, could wear it except for the arm hole size (and the fact that it's 158 dollars and she's 13....going back.) btw, ""novelty print"" means ""ice cream novelty"", little popsicles with bites taken out - cute but more juvenile than i expected."	0
"I was struggling with the options above-- does it fit true to size or is it too small or too large? it is both too small and too large, which is really strange. the model makes this shirt look stunning, but the product is actually very boxy. i am 5' 3"", weigh 112 lbs and i typically order anywhere from a 00p-0r/xxs-xs. i ordered this shirt in an xsp and the shirt sleeves were short and the middle was boxy. quite frankly, it looked like a maternity shirt and the structure was not worth the money"	0
"As another reviewer pointed out, although the tag inside the dress says that you can machine wash in cold water, the color around the popsicles will bleed! this is extremely disappointing. i'm hoping it can either be fixed with dye remover, or that retailer will take this item back. would only dry clean this item."	0
"I thought these pants were cute! when i put them on, they fit perfectly, and were comfortable, however i wore them for about 20 minutes and they were a completely different size, and looked awful!"	0
"This top is really cute, but the threads underneath the shirt scratch your torso. i suggest wearing a tank underneath to protect your skin."	0
"I've never had a problem with pilcro jeans. i own several pairs. however, i ordered my regular size 28 (i'm 5'3, 120 pounds) and not only were these jeans thin, they had zero stretch and after 1 hour of wear stretched out horribly. they fit really loose and hung around my knees and legs which is very disappointing for a skinny jean."	0
"Too tight in strange ways. beautiful dress i was so excited to receive it, however it just did not fit."	0
"This was a disappointment because beautiful fabrics with interesting design are a rarity--and especially at this length! unfortunately, this is a mess in terms of proportions. if a size 2 can barely get it off, then there is a design flaw. sadly, the fit was so strange that it did not seem that simply sizing up would correct the flaws."	0
"Pilcro jeans used to be my favorite. in the past 6 months or so, i have bought 3 new pairs, and all have been so disappointing. first of all, the quality is horrible now. in the past, they would last for years and hold up great. my last pair of stet jeans started to visibly wear out within a month. also, pilcro jeans now stink in the most disgusting toxic way. they smell horrible despite washing. what happened, pilcro?!?!?"	0
The print and front ruffle are beautiful. the sleeves are awful and poorly represented in the picture of the model. it's almost like the sleeves have a life of their own - so mismatched with this style of blouse. such a beautiful print but so disappointing in shape.	0
"What a disappointment and for the price, it's outrageous!"	0
There's a reason the model is holding her arms up in all the frontal views. it hides the very weird wide top part of the sleeve that absolutely destroys and distorts an otherwise beautiful blouse. the print is lovely but the fit is very odd. it's pulls at and is very tight through the bust too. i wear medium or large and ordered size large. if you're less well endowed this might be an okay choice for you. but i have to say this blouse made me look overweight and very wide. returned.	0
"This white shirt is very thin esp in the front and see through - i would have to wear a cami underneath unless i wanted people to see the outline of my bra. it seems very flimsy and poor quality, even at the sale price. disappointed and will return..."	0
"The quality is good, as is the design idea, but, practically, it doesn't work. ordered an xs and the top still ballooned out stiffly. this top is not soft or flowy, it is stiff and very wide."	0
"This top is perfect for the first day at clown college if you want to see some clowns cry. the sleeves are probably the worst part of this overpriced monstrosity. the elastic at the cuffs makes the already comically large sleeves billow and puff out even more.   buy this if you enjoy walking to the post office to return things."	0
"I've purchased pilcro jeans in the past and they've held up great. unfortunately, the material used for this particular jean is a far, far cry from what it used to be. the thighs of these jeans start pilling (yes pilling!) after just a few wears. i've never had jeans do this -- whatever denim blend they are using is a complete disaster.  don't buy these -- you will be very disappointed."	0
I am a pretty curvy girl and thought the m/l was gigantic. i returned and was afraid to exchange for the smaller size thinking it would pbly be very large as well. it was not flattering because it was so boxy.	0
"This tank is not very flattering. there is a lot of fabric, it's very boxy, & the holes kind of remind me of a high school basketball jersey. i even sized down and it's still just wide. i'm returning :("	0
The length in the front is too short and the bottom flares a lot which is really unflattering. i love the top half of the shirt but the bottom half should be more form fitting.	0
It's nice material but the design makes you look like a pregnant lady	0
"I got this shirt in a medium, my normal retailer size and while the short fit, the front is cropped! i am a fan of the tops that are shorter in the front and longer in the back, however this was just too short in the front. my belly button was exposed, and that wasn't the look displayed on the model. unfortunately this top is going back to the store."	0
This shirt has absolutely no shape. look carefully at the model and you we discover she is cleverly positioned to hide the sheer boxy-ness of this shirt. the print is beautiful but it looks like a maternity shirt. i even ordered the xs at 5'7 and 130 lbs but found it too baggy. returned.	0
The print is very pretty but the fabric is stiff and it runs way too big.  looks great on the model but awful on me.	0
"I wanted to love this sweater. the color is gorgeous, the pattern unusual, it is soft and warm, and would have gone with so many things. but the cut is awful. mainly the sleeves are way too big, making me look misshapen and my arms look huge. the body was a bit boxy but that would have been workable if the arms had been normal. too bad."	0
"I saw this dress in the store and loved everything about it. they had an extra large, i usually wear a large, and i thought it would perfect with some leggings. i tried to get the dress over my chest but no chance. my sister who wears a medium tried to put it in too and she couldn't fit it past her chest either. we flipped it inside out and couldn't find a zipper. maybe the dress in the store was mislabeled but the bust ran very small. it's too bad, it looked adorable and i was so excited to try"	0
Great fabric and color but fits like a potato sack -- so sad bc i would have loved it	0
The dress is extremely high quality! i purchased the dress in black. the white collared shirt that the model is wearing under the dress is not part of the dress. the dress overall is like a balloon. unless you're extremely tall and skinny this dress makes you look bigger! i ordered the small petite and am 125 lbs and 5'4. i really wanted to like this dress but unfortunately it's going back:( the petite hits 3 inches above the knee for reference.	0
"This top has a nice design. i love the lace up back which makes it much more adjustable in shape. if you lace it lower it is more flattering to your waist. however the fabric quality is very poor on the white tank. it arrived with a small tear in the front hem area, which i could have easily fixed. it is very sheer; even with a nude bra, my bra was too visible for my comfort. plan on wearing a full camisole underneath, tank, or bralette you are fine with being on display."	0
Even on sale sale...this tank is not worth the money. the design in the back is adorable & would expect it to be so much better quality but the fabric is flimsy(think old man white tanks that come in a pack) completely see through and lack of shape..i wanted to love this but definitely photographed significantly better than actuality!	0
I saw this on a mannequin in the store and so wanted it to work but was just too oversized and bulky. very good quality and material.	0
"I had this in my cart for a week before i took the plunge, because i thought it would make the cutest boho statement piece that could go from beach to casual evening outings. i'm 5'9"", so i got the m/l to ensure length. maybe that was wrong? if the ""laid flat width"" was included maybe that would have been more helpful, but this thing was massive and looked like a potato sack. the side slits (of course hidden in the photos) came up to just over my natural waist, enhancing that effect. i loved the"	0
I loved the idea behind this shirt but it just hangs around the waist with tons of extra fabric. i suspect the model in the photo has the shirt pinned. totally unflattering making the chest look small and your midsection appear huge. maybe if you size down it would be better- xs was not available for me to try. also the lavender color is really washed out...	0
"This a great skirt for someone with a straight or boyish figure. this skirt does not accommodate a curvy figure - small waist, feminine hips."	0
"This runs way big, i'm a size 8, purchased the medium. it's just big with no shape."	0
"I loved this skirt when i tried it on. the material is soft with a bit of stretch. i'd say this runs a little large. for reference, i'm usually a size 2/4 in retailer and the 2 was still a little large towards the end of the day as it stretched out.   however, my disappointment was with the buttons.i wore it for a day when all of a sudden the top button popped off. fine, that button is the most used. i sewed it back on myself and even reinforced the top three buttons that i use to take on and of"	0
"I've never spent this much money on a sweater but took the plunge using the retailer day discount. still painful but hopeful it would be worth it. i ordered the xl hoping to compensate for the shorter length. and it fell just below my hip bones so that part was okay. while this looks like the cashmere is on the thinner side, so the garment flows nicely, it's not. the weight of the sweater is substantial, heavier and much thicker than it looks. the color is different too. it's tan and grey, not whi"	0
"I agree with the other reviewer. the colors were fabulous, but it was boxy and fit me like a sack. the slits on the side really detracted from the cute fabric and the hood drooped way in the back due to being able to pull away from the slits. it was really a cute idea and i'm sad it didn't work. i started not to order it based on the first review but i wanted to give it a chance,--i should have listened !"	0
"The dresss is much shorter than described. very see thru, though guess you can tell from picture. expected more for the price."	0
"I was so excited about these pants but they were a total disappointment in person. the fabric is a rough gauzy texture. the bottom has a big hem that weighs down the pants and makes them hang funny like you are walking on stilts or something, they do not hang or move well on the body. also, they are very long but small in the waist and have a high crotch so the fit is pretty off. sadly, these are going back."	0
"I ordered this top in size xl. there is a lot of excess material below the empire waist so it flows out too much. this accentuated my pear-shape and was unflattering. the sizing on the top portion & sleeves was true-to-size.   the material is so rough, scratchy & uncomfortable. they should have used a softer fabric. the pattern alignment is terrible on the one i received. at $100, i hoped the plaid would have flowed in a continuous, matching line. i didn't notice the mismatched sleeves of the"	0
"I found that this dress ran very small. i am true 8, ordered a 10 and it was snug"	0
"This is a cute top but it runs pretty big. order a size down. the material is like a thick gauze almost, so i'd definitely wear a tank under."	0
"I didn't receive a jacket. i received a very expensive cardigan sweater with no structural qualities to it. jackets have some structure to them. for example they might nip in at the waist a bit. this cardigan doesn't do that. it hangs in a very boxy shape. the quality is great. very light weight and i really love the little pockets and details, but i don't need/want another cardigan.   i'm 5'5"", 118 lbs and got a small. the small seemed big, but i think it would have fit fine if it had more st"	0
"Loved these in store when i tried them on but was in between sizes so i ordered them in the larger size. boy do i regret that! these stretch out so much i have to wear a belt with them and it gives me this saggy bunchy front when i sit...not attractive. wish i could return them, but i took the tag off and wore them not knowing this before hand!! if in between sizes definitely size down."	0
"Great hopes but a sorry disappointment. at this price, one should be able to expect better pattern alignment as shown on model. the pattern in the garment i received was poorly matched on either side of the button placket. i am 5'6"" and ordered xxs. garment was significantly over-sized. i would have had to order one and probably two sizes smaller to achieve a decent fit. because of the oversizing, the shape is more boxy than it appears in the catalog photo. sadly, this buttondown has to be retur"	0
I love these pants. bought them in both black and burgundy. but the burgundy pair split in the butt before i even made it to work in the morning. they weren't even tight. so disappointing. i will be returning them.	0
"I ordered the orange in size xl. the fit on me matches the model other than being a little shorter in length.  the quality is bad. i ordered two of these sweaters and both arrived, new in the packages, with one having a small hole. the knit is so thin, as is the base material. the arms are basically see-through. it doesn't offer any warmth because of the thinness. i layered a long-sleeved white tee underneath which helped. the edge of the sleeves stretched out within an hour. i also had two area"	0
"1.) if you look at the 4th photo of the grey shirt and zoom in you can get an accurate view of the back: this shirt is attached in not one, but two places in the back (in the photos of the black shirt it looks like it is only attached, or ""knotted"" in one place, and that is not the case). disappointing.  ---------- 2.) unless you want to wear this as an off-the-shoulder shirt with a strapless bra size down. caveat: sizing down will become problematic though for those with large arms as the sle"	0
"1. i like a shorter jacket, but this one was poorly made and poorly fit.  2. the sleeves were way too tight. i'm a size 10 or 12, and the large which would be a 14 had tight sleeves that wrinkled up my arms, and the hem of the sleeve turned inside out.  3. i ordered both a medium (size 10) and a large (size 14) , and neither hung right. the m too tight, and the large too loose in the body and too tight in the sleeves.  4. very polyester with lots of static.  5. cute idea, but not very good in pe"	0
"I had high hopes for this dress but my husband said i looked pregnant and that i was wearing a tablecloth- and he was right! i'm usually a size 10 so perhaps this would look good on a talk lanky person with a very long torso... but probably not. way too much fabric around the midsection. it's a shame because the fabric was really pretty, but too stiff a hand to drape well."	0
"I bought this top in the blue motif and loved it so so very much until i washed it. it came out of the wash (delicate/cold cycle) with 3 small holes. i am devastated because it was destined to be my favorite top for summer. it is flattering, lightweight, gorgeous color, cool raw edges, v-back detail...i could go on and on about all the things i love about this top, but now it has holes after one washing so it's all for naught. do-over please with better fabric qa."	0
"This shirt aesthetically is very pleasing. i love the overall design and colors. however, when i tried it on i was immediately itchy! the material is not soft like a cozy sweater ought to be. in addition, though i ordered a size medium, it fit very large - almost too oversized. the sleeves were extremely long on me and the overall body was too big. it's too bad, i really loved the look but i'm not the type to layer. if you are, go for it, but get a size smaller than you normally would!"	0
"When i saw this jacket in store, i fell in love with it. the colors with the quilting and gold studs are gorgeous. i am 5'3"" 130# 36dd with petite frame. i tried a m on in store and the sleeves were super long and wide. the s was too small across chest and hung open oddly. the jacket is a nice heavy weight and great quality. i ordered a petite m and it was no better. i literally looked like a big marshmallow...a linebacker! the sleeves were so unflattering where it looked like i was wearing pvc"	0
"I love this t-shirt because it has the combination of elegance and relazation to a ""t"". it's soft, pretty and covers my wide bottom well."	0
"This jacket looks like such the statement piece online with the soft focus lens, but in reality...meh. i think the pattern is gorgeous and would have worked without the studs. and the studs are unique and would have worked on a simple solid color. but put them together and you have the unwanted love child of a laura ashley bag and a marching band jacket. to me, it all felt more cloying than clever.  the quilted fabric and boxy cut of the jacket also makes it unwieldy and uncomfortable. since i"	0
"I tried this shirt in the purple motif, it fit true to size, my normal small worked well. all was good on the front turned around to admire the slight detail of the neckline in the back and all i could see with the red thread the designer used to sew their tag in. really? on a white shirt? it annoyed me so much i didn't buy the shirt."	0
"I've had a lot of misses from retailer lately. i've loved this dress since i first saw it in the spring/summer releases and gave it a try when it went on sale. when it arrived i literally lol. it's an ill fitting nightgown. the size small was a tent on me and it's so flimsy and sheer it probably shouldn't be worn in public. there's a short sheer slip that comes with it but unfortunately doesn't do much. pass, ladies."	0
"Ok ladies....you need to know that this type of fabric is the one that will get holes (i bought the white one). it is super thin and lovely, but i was only able to get two wears out of it. i did wash it and it maintained it's size because i restretched it while wet then hung to dry. i was super disappointed about the wear but appreciated being able to return it without question at my local retailer."	0
"I loved the look of this sweater, but the workmanship was surprisingly poor. there were missed stitches, and loose threads throughout, and even a tag sewn to the outside. retailer was great about the return. i really wanted to keep it and was very disappointed."	0
The tights are thin and not how they appear in the photo. one of my pairs had a hole in the seat and it was obvious they had been repackaged with part of the packaging missing. very disappointing. i wish i had found the hole before i try them on. they are definitely going back.	0
"No, no, no...i don't know if it was the way it got flattened out in the packaging, or what, but it sticks out like a tent from the hips down. i'm 5'7"", about 145, 32c, usually wear a 6 or 8 in dresses. this thing barely buttoned over my bust, and then flares out to a tent-like triangular shape at the bottom. i don't think it would come out by washing and ironing it; i'm afraid it was just cut poorly. i looked like a sad prisoner in stripes, unfortunately. i bought three different dresses in the"	0
"I ordered these jeans twice because i love them. the first pair were mis-marked by about 4 sizes so i re-ordered. second pair still didn't fit, they run really small, i would probably need one maybe two sizes larger than normal to achieve the fit and feel of the other skinny jeans in my closet:("	0
"The dress has a partially sewn-in slip, which really didn't work for me. no matter how much adjusting i did i couldn't get the slip and dress to sit properly.  i ordered a medium, and if it hadn't been for the slip, the fit would have been good. the length was as pictured. for reference i am 5'5 145lbs, 38-30-40, 34ddd."	0
"Even following the care label exactly, it shrunk ~3 inches in the length and overall in the diameter. i had to return this since i am tall and it looked more like a work-inappropriate mini after the first wash."	0
"Too thin at bottom where lace is.  couldn't sit in the dress without worrying i was ""hanging out"""	0
"I ordered the black and white pattern, which was ok. i got a small, but the shirt was very square - with a short and wide fit! i doubt an xs would have helped with such a boxy shirt. sent this one back."	0
"Loved the brushstroke design and simplicity of black on white; however, the tee was way too big. it looked boxy and sloppy."	0
This shirt would be perfect if i needed a canopy on my tent. this shirt runs ridiculously large. purchased a medium and it should be labeled an xl. no impressed with the pattern in person. looks cheap. will be returning.	0
"I really loved the idea of this dress and thought it may be perfect for work with a pair of wedges. but, the first thing that set me off was the color and the material. the color is more street sign yellow than a soft, warm yellow. the fabric is a thin, sheet like fabric that makes the yellow look even cheaper. i was anticipating a thicker shirt-like fabric. when i tried it on, i liked the idea, but the material and the color made me feel like i was wearing costume...or a parachute. i will defin"	0
"The pattern is very adorable. unfortunately the design is flawed. sizing is great at the waist and hip, and the length is spot on, but the top is wide. it's strange because i don't think it would fit someone that was bustier than me either. will return. i'm considering buying again on sale and having a tailor correct it."	0
"I wanted to love this dress. the cut, fit and color are adorable. unfortunately the fabric is super thin. due to the material type it can be clingy in a manner that requires the anti-static spray your mom used to use in the 80s. i was on the fence of keeping it, but if there is so much as a wrinkle in your panty-line the whole world will see it. i would hate to have to wear a slip with this due to static issue. i am most likely going to return it; even at 15% off, it is over-priced for the cheap"	0
"I couldn't wait to try this on this sweater.  sadly, it was too large in all ways.  the sleeves are adorable, but the ruffle overwhelmed my arms. this was much longer on me than the model.  it stopped mid-thigh.  the quality seemed fine, but it is a thin sweater."	0
"I'm 5'5"" and 140 lbs - hardly super-tiny and the xs was swimming on me. the shoulders are oddly large and this beautiful sweater/jacket just hangs off the body. believe it when they say ""oversized styling"" - unfortunately will have to return."	0
"I loved fabric, print and back detail. design, however, was a little too boxy to be flattering on me. even at great price i sent it back."	0
"I found this dress to be very short waisted, much closer to an empire waist than shown in the picture. it was also an inch or two longer in the skirt than other maxi dresses i've gotten from retailer. it really could have used those inches above the waist. just a strange fit overall."	0
"I love this dress as far as the fit goes. it makes my curvy figure loook even better with how it's cut. that being said the different patterns over each boob made the dress look crazy. it makes you look quite lopsided in the chest. wasn't just me, but my store people also agreed. had the pattern on the chest been the same it would be great, but even though my boobs are of ""mostly"" equal size, they looked too crazy. it's quite noticeable on. so sad:("	0
"Boxy, short & wide! luv this brand but super disappointed with this design..."	0
"I wanted to love this, but instead of being a flowy kimono top as pictured- it was a thick blazer type garment. not at all what is pictured here unfortunately. also it was much shorter than pictured and i am only 5'4''.   love most retailer styles, but this one was a miss and a return."	0
Runs large and it also had a small hole in the back had to return it.	0
Love the shape and flow of this dress. but i was sent a dirty stained dress so this is going back.  would not recommend	0
"I ordered the coral/peach version in size 16. it ran small, especially compared to other size 14 or 16 maeve blouses i've purchased. very tight throughout the blouse. the product photos looked so nice compared to what arrived. the material was extremely cheap in quality. it wrinkled terribly. the bow pulled the material down which obscured the look of the eyelet. the idea of this was perfect for my style. unfortunately, the poor choice in material & poor fit made this a return for me."	0
"Per the other reviews i sized up and got the medium. it was still tight around the girls (and i'm not that well endowed), but too big in the armholes. the fabric is a kind of thin tee shirt material. i kept it (because i'm lazy) but not sure how much i'll wear it given the strange fit."	0
"When you look at the online pictures of the navy colored dress, the stripes are diagonal. however, that is not the case with the dress in person. the stripes are all horizontal and not that flattering. such a bummer because i love maeve dresses and thought this would be a great addition to my summer dress rotation. alas, not very flattering, so back it goes."	0
"I was so excited to get this top in the mail. i loved the colors, print, cut, everything. i put it on and was so disappointed, the top looks so much better on the model. i don't know if i should have gone down a size (i go between an xs and s), but it looked terrible on me! my husband took one look at me in it and said that's being returned. still disappointed"	0
"I really loved this vest online and decided to try it on in store. it was really cute on and fit nicely so i purchased it (in my normal size) and took it on a vacation. first time wearing it and the color transferred all over my white shirt even though it says it is pre-washed. i am very disappointed considering how expensive this was. overall, it is very cute but it may ruin your clothes so beware!"	0
"This shirt is purportedly made of silk, but it is extremely low quality. the material is coarse and scratchy. it's not even worth it at the extra 40% off sale price. returned."	0
"According to the label, this dress can be hand washed or dry cleaned. i hand washed and line dried per the instructions on the label, and all the seams have completely shrunk and gathered. it looks like there's a drawstring running through every seam. so disappointed in the quality and the labeling. awful! i gave it one extra star because it's cute."	0
"This shirt was tent like on me and there was really no way around it. i am fairly small- usually a 4 or 6 in tops, and smaller on top- barely 34b. this top was incredibly unflattering, falling to cut right at my hips and sitting open and way too flowy-- like a pillowcase/sacklike fit. there was just too much fabric here to make it work for me. it's unfortunate because it looks adorable in the product photo and i love the plaid mix with the open shoulders- a nice transition to fall. unfortunately"	0
"Fell in love with this dress when i saw it online and ordered it right away. however i was sadly disappointed once it arrived. while the cut is cute, the fabric is just all wrong. i was expecting a nice, heavy knit-like material, but this feels and looks really cheap - especially given the price of the dress. sadly it is going back."	0
"Again, nope. looks chic on the model, looked like a floor-length flannel nightgown on me. if you'd put a bonnet on me and stuck a candlestick in my hand, i could double for ebenezer scrooge in ""a christmas carol."" i believe the word i used to describe it when i tried it on was ""shmata"" (yiddish for ""rags). it looked like i was wearing a rag. the ruching didn't do anything to flatter my figure, the knit did not seem terribly warm for a sweater (felt more like rayon or nylon jersey than a knit swe"	0
"Here's an example of lowering a hemline and slapping the term 'petite' on it. too much fabric, was bulky, and ran too small. the fabric was thin and pulled awkwardly over the bust. returned.."	0
I returned this item. it was soft. very blah fabric. nothing special.	0
"I knew that the cut of this shirt was boxy, but this is huge.  i wear a l or xl at retailer, and i got the m/l and was swimming in this top.  sadly, this will be going back."	0
"Soooo disappointed in this dress. the colors are beautiful for fall. the fabric feels luxe. the slip fits perfectly. the dress however is a hot mess. it is easily two times more fabric than needed to create a flow-y aline dress. huge everywhere. under the arms, and waist and hips. it's just an enormous tent. i am 5'8"", 128 lbs. i ordered my usual size small. i looked shapeless in this. i can't think of any body type it would flatter. potentially, women quite far along in their pregnancy."	0
"Love the color and overall design of this dress...but it's just going to have to go back. the view from the direct front and back are nice, but froth side the high waist and secure back make me look pregnant. not the look i'm going for especially at this price.  the other oddity is that the white circle design is unfortunately placed! in the back it's all i see which is 'right' on a bulls-eye and the same on the front. i don't know how the designer missed this! it's the only white design on th"	0
"Not at all tapered at waist as suggested here by photos. i have wide shoulders and am slim, and this made me look big all around. i am doubtful a smaller size would correct this- i am 5'10"" and ordered a medium. also, it curls under a bit at the waist. one nice thing about the cream is that it is not see through. anyway, i purchased this to go with high waisted skirts but am returning."	0
"I ordered the top from a store to have it shipped.  it is very pretty but once on, it fit the wrong way. i got a small because i know that this designer tends to run tight across the bust.  the shoulder was too rounded for this neck line. sleeves should have been either longer or sleeveless. the empire waist even on a smaller busted woman like myself was cut too high."	0
Ii loved the idea of this summer top flowing in the breeze... then i got it and the selves did nit give as much slack as i would have hoped #spandex so #returned!	0
This blouse has a very cute style. the ruffles are really nice but why does it have to be so sheer? there is no way i could wear this to work without a cami. it also felt slightly on the small size - almost too tight for my normal size.	0
Love the movement of the blouse and how it falls. great quality material.	0
"I wanted to love this top. perfect weight, length, and shape. unfortunately, the seam goes right through the bust and just does not look right. if you are tiny on top, this will be lovely on you."	0
The shirt does have a weird yellow tinge as other reviewers have described. i could get over that if the shirt was a flattering fit which it was not. not worth the money so i returned it.	0
"Such a pretty fall sweater. nice fit. wore it once out shopping and it snagged :( had to return, sadly."	0
"The color of this dress is gorgeous and i really wanted to love it. but, it was awful. i am 5'9'' and the length was fine. the problem is the lack of shape which made me look 50 - 100 lbs heavier than i am. it would make a great maternity dress since that is what it already looks like."	0
"Awful color, horribly wrinkled and just a mess...so disappointed"	0
"I wanted to love this sweater but it is a return. it is a very weird fit, very thick, rug-like material and unfitted. the shoulders are bulky, the top is big and the booty is small. i am 5'2"", 34c and typically wear a small. the arms were very long, way too long. i will say other than that the top was true to size, may look okay on someone who had a larger chest and a smaller bum!"	0
"Completely oversized top, size medium was swimming on me.....boxy, baggy, shapeless -- what more can i say? even in an xs this would not have fit in any way like the photo, returned."	0
This sweater is a dull off white color. it looks old fashioned. don't get.	0
"I found this piece very boxy and not very feminine. i tried to make it work but i just wasn't feeling it the material is thin and the design is boring. unfort, it wasn't for me."	0
"These are horrible pants!!! they run small in the thigh and butt like other cartonnier crops. look great at first....after a few hours of wear the stretch out everywhere!!! absolutely terrible! i have several pairs of cartonnier crops that are my ""go to"" pants, but these are not worth even the sale price! i'd give them no stars if i could!! this fabric is very different from my other printed pairs. if u must try them, size down and suffer through the first few ""tight"" hours! trust me...they will"	0
Ordered this in white and the peachy color- the armholes were gaping. not well designed. i don't recommend this tee at all.	0
"I loved the idea of this dress and was hoping it would be worth the astronomical price tag for what really is a cotton jersey dress. unfortunately, this dress missed the mark. in the pictures this dress looks like the fabrics are navy blue and some sort of white. well, it is not white or whitish at all but baby pink! bright baby pink! even the light pattern on the navy background is actually pink. huge disappointment. my other issue is with the length of this dress. the description says that the"	0
"Beware! there is a reason this sweater is on sale. it is not even remotely the same color as pictured. instead of the lovely antique blue in the photo, this sweater is a faded, boring, teal-green. what a huge disappointment."	0
Really cute suit but way too small up top. not enough coverage under arms and across bust.i wish retailerpolgie carried bathing suits in the stores so they can be tried on. this is the 2nd suit i have ordered that had to be returned. i wont order a bathing suit again as its just to much of a risk.	0
"The dress is not the beautiful color in the picture...it is a very yellowish cream. the fabric is thick and does not hang pretty. very disappointed. had to return it."	0
"The dress is really frumpy standing up. something about the bottom tier of lace just turns it into a frumpy maw-maw nightgown. the lace is really pretty, though"	0
"Even at a very deep discount, this piece is definitely not worth the money. the picture made me think this jacket had a longer curved velvet hem as part of its design (which would be cool)--which is largely what attracted me to it, but as i discovered when it arrived, that was actually part of the shirt worn beneath in the photo. so this image is rather misleading. the actual jacket is very thin--more like a shirt with an open front than a jacket. the pockets are just loosely tacked inside. for"	0
"Had high hopes for this seemingly cute skirt to use as a basic in my spring and summer outfits. however, that was not the case. this skirt is not lined and the material is so so. basically, for the price, i was underwhelmed and will return it."	0
"I was so excited for this dress to arrive, but when it did, it was a major disappointment. there is no lining on the skirt portion of the dress leaving it sheer. also, the top part along the chest puckered in a weird unflattering way. the colors were beautiful, but not enough to to make up for the other design flaws. i am 5'6"" 140lb and the small fit tts. will be sending it back"	0
"Uhm no. oh dear, no. i was initially drawn to this blouse's lovely fabric, the color and pattern are truly stunning. i decided to give it a try because it seemed somewhat boxy, oh boy was i right. sadly, this is one of the least flattering tops that i've ever tried on at retailer. it might be a great maternity top, though."	0
"This shirt fits very closely to the body. it has a very strange fit in the shoulder, though. the arms themselves are really long, far past my hands, yet it's very tight in the shoulder and under arm area. for reference, i am 5'10"", 130 pounds and ordered a small, which is what i usually need."	0
Poor quality. i expected much more from the material.	0
"Wow! this sure is close fitting, as in suction cups to your body! yikes, definitely not forgiving for those of us with curves. to me, it seems like the material will wear well. i bought this for a great sales price so i may keep it, not sure. it would work fine as a layering piece but if i gain even 5 lbs, it won't work. i ordered the medium and am usually a small. the large might have worked best but probably still pretty clingy. i do recommend this if you are thin with no problem areas."	0
"This is way cuter on the model. it runs so big that it is very unflattering. perhaps on someone tall it would look better, but sadly it looked dumpy on my 5'2 frame. it also arrived with some black stain on it. it is going back."	0
"I ordered this in size xl in ivory. it was a drab, poorly-made, too-small sweater. the knit material wasn't good quality and the overall fit didn't work. i liked the light red color and maybe if that had been in stock, then i would have overlooked the problems. but, there are better ivory retailer cardigans available. this was returned."	0
"I wanted this so badly, to wear as a dress over a slip. but it is not cute or flattering when you put it on. it made me look 20 pounds heavier than i am, and the fit was awful. i usually wear an xs in dresses at retailer and this swallowed me. i am petite but this is just waaaaaay too big. so disappointed because it's so pretty."	0
"I really loved this skirt on the model, but it just wasn't flattering when i received my order. i ordered two sizes - 2 and 4. i am 5'4, athletic build and the front closure made my waist look much larger than it is. the back of the skirt also flared out more than i expected it to.   sadly, i had to return both. perhaps this would look better on someone with a much taller frame."	0
This was so boxy and unflattering. i loved the lining and the fabric was very soft but it looked like i was wearing a bag. was hoping to use this as a cute top layer for dresses but it was a terrible fit. sizing down would not help this one. went back!	0
I ordered these a size up because i'd just had a baby and knew i needed a bigger size. my pre-pre baby size (chubby phase) were size 8/29. these fit like a size 4. way too small. very disappointed!	0
"Loved the color and the deshn. but when i put on, did not look right. waist was too short and the arms were long."	0
"As others have said, this is cropped, so will look funny with most pants that aren't high waisted. i'm going to try it with a few dresses before i return it. the lining is adorable, so i don't want to have to send it back."	0
"I love the color patterns and fabric.  it has full lining!  my biggest problem with the dress is the swing style - makes it more like a maternity dress and so unflattering?  a straight (shift) style would have been much better.  dress runs large, however the arm/shoulder area is tight."	0
It is a beautiful top but runs huge!!! i followed other reviews and ordered a size down hoping it would work but it was totally unflattering! i wanted so bad to love it but there was no way i could keep it!!	0
"Based on the other reviews, i sized down from my usual 6p to a 2p, but this dress was still ridiculously huge and extremely unflattering. i could tell the minute i took it out of the package it wouldn't work. i can't imagine this would flatter very many people. the front photo of the model is incredibly deceptive. very disappointed--this will be going back for sure."	0
"I want to be the person who lounges like the model...but this was huge and more wool-feeling than the lightweight shawl i was hoping for. i am an 8, got the xs/s it was the right size....i returned it."	0
"I tried this shirt in a small (my usual retailer size) and it was very unflattering.   the fabric was ultra soft and it seemed it was nicely made.  however, this shirt is so unstructured and oversized, i might as well worn a brown paper bag."	0
"Based on the strength of the other reviews, i thought this sweater would be amazing, but i was disappointed. the knit is very thin, cheap looking and weak that it won't last a season undamaged. it reminds me of a duster i bought 15 years ago at a discount fast-fashion retailer when i was a student. sloppy looking with lots of creases out of the package. collar is odd and the sleeve openings have an annoying flare. the drape is not structured enough--everything about this screams over priced bath"	0
"I never leave reviews for anything but this dress was such a complete miss. first off, it's about 3 sizes too big. second off, it's knitted with a metallic thread that you can't really notice in the picture. i'm usually a medium and feel an xs would be sufficient."	0
"The jeans look so different online! the pair i got did not have the stone washed look and was completely different cut. the rise is not as stated and is actually 10.5 inches! also, i'm a true 25 and the waist is like a 27, but the legs are super skinny. i'm so disappointed and i'm not even sure if is worth swapping out for a smaller size. these look more like men's cut jeans."	0
I ordered this online and was disappointed when it arrived. it didn't look quite like it does in the photos online. it also runs small. i returned it because i did not feel it was worth the high price.	0
Only one sleeve is folded twice and sewed. meh.	0
Does not look like the picture. lined with a cheap denim fabric inside that shows when arms are rolled up. i normally always fit in mediums and this jacket is so small in the arms as well as body that it fit like a xs.	0
"Much to my surprise when i tried on this sweater i found that it was cut in a bell shape and not at all fitted or straight like in the photo. when i pulled it out of the package i thought i'd ordered the wrong size because the shoulders looked so narrow. but when i tried it on the shoulders fit perfectly, with beautiful detail and high quality material, but the sweater belling out to a very wide shape. it is very wide at the hip and looks out of proportion. it doesn't look anything like the phot"	0
"I love deletta and regularly search for their items here on retailer. however, this one is a miss as i think it runs small or you need to be taller and thinner then i for the gathering, opening to hit you right. i did really like the color ( ordered the brown) and material but back it goes."	0
"I wanted to love this blouse so much. but try as i might, it just fit so oddly on me. i'm usually a petite s so i purchased the xs in brown. first. the color was more gray-brown but it was still ok. but second, the fit was off. maybe i just got a bad one, but the center of the blouse was so offset, that the slit in the front laid so far to the left and the v-neck was so low that you could see my bra - there was no adjusting i could do to fix it. the material has a lovely soft silky feel to it an"	0
"This fell apart after wearing it once. for the price, it should hold up better. it's too delicate."	0
"Very disappointed. ordered two sizes, the fraying of the embroidery was so bad on one of the dresses i wouldn't have worn it and the zipper was sticking. the second dress had fraying and loose threads as well and the seams at the shoulders were not properly sewn which made the lace at the neckline completely crooked. some of these issues would maybe be acceptable if the dress was under $100 but at $228 they are not. returning both sizes."	0
"A good part of my closet is filled with retailer clothes. i mix them with my basics, scarves and jewelry. so, i immediately thought of a dozen ways this kimono could jazz up anything from skinny jeans to slip dresses, even though i felt it was pretty pricey. when it arrived, i was more than disappointed in the cheapness of the fabric. it does nothing for any of my intended clothes, so it is going back asap."	0
"This is one fabulous-looking dress; however, the really scratchy neckline at the lace edge was a deal-breaker for me. i even tried sizing up, to see if that would help, but it was still too scratchy for me."	0
"I was really excited for this top to arrive and was really disappointed once i tried it on. i am sure this is a gorgeous top on someone with a straighter or more slender frame. it is good quality and looks fine on the hanger. i think the color in the picture online accurately shows the color. ladies with hips or a booty, beware...this looked horrible on me! it clung to my butt and didn't hang nice and straight like it does in this picture. i expected the fabric to have a little give to it but it"	0
Loved loved loved the shirt but...the material was so thin	0
"I agree with other reviewer, the material of these jeans is not the same! thin, stretches, and you end up pulling them up all the time. i am a short, curvy girl and would love to have the old jean fabric back! this seems to be the trend in jeans?nydj also uses this fabric?stretches too much."	0
I really wanted to like this shirt the quality is amazing and much prettier in person but it is hard to take care of. if you wash it the wrinkles are horrible so it has to be dry clean only. also the back is ridiculously long it looks very odd from the side view.	0
"I loved the colors (especially the pink) and thought this would be really pretty. however, when i received it, its much shinier with is a very thin material and is a bit of a retro in a not nice way feel to it. i also found it huge. normally, i wear an xxsp or a 00p (for reference i am 5'2, 30e and 24 in waist. i tried both the xxsp (fit better but was too short) and the xxs (too large). i had hoped this would have more shape and would be more fitted, but its definitely not."	0
"I bought this in size xl. it ran much shorter & smaller than is typical for this brand. i found the arms tighter on me compared to the model's photos. the lace itself was pretty, intricate and washed well. i wish this shirt had worked but i ended up donating it after wearing it a couple times. the cropped length and close-fit just didn't work on me. i thought the sleeve shape was pretty. with just a little more material, this would have been a favorite. i hope it works well on whoever receives i"	0
"These pants look beautiful when you first see them. it goes downhill from there. the waist is very small in relation to the rest of the pants. it felt fine when pulled up, but it is a struggle. i could get past that, but when i looked in the mirror, i could see right through them. no lining and not very thick material for this price!!! a real bummer, especially since it was a birthday gift."	0
"This dress has beautiful lines. i loved the design on the material, but the fabric looked very cheap & even was already snagged when it arrived. unfortunately, i must return it."	0
"I really wanted to love this cardigan and did until i tried it on. the arms are so tight! i ordered in a m, which is my normal retailer size, but couldn't move my arms. took it back, was going to try in a l, but store didn't have any. for the price, i need to be able to move my arms!"	0
"The color is a nice cool red and the material is very soft. but the dress left me feeling shapeless and the bell sleeve overtook it. i wanted to love it, but it just wasn't working for me. i'm 5'8"" and purchased a s. it fits true to size, however it was loose around the waist and just wasn't complimentary on me. this will have to go back."	0
"This dress looked adorable online, but unfortunately, it's not flattering at all, and it's completely see-through. completely. the material is so thin that i can't imagine it would hold up very well over time. this one is definitely going back."	0
"As another reviewer noted, the upper portion (back, chest, shoulders, etc.) fit nicely. however, the body of the dress was enormous and did, indeed, make me look much heavier throughout the middle. back to the store it goes."	0
"I'm a rather small person--5'2"", about 100 lbs, 32a bust. i typically take a 24p/00p/xxs. knowing how retailer's sizing is a bit all over the place, i ordered this tee in both xxs and xs, planning to return the size that was less preferred. imagine my surprise when i try on one of the tees and i barely can get it on; imagine my further surprise when i realize that the xs is the tee that was so clingy. now i realize that this is supposed to be a body-skimming tee, but even as petite as i am, i coul"	0
"I purchased this shirt in blue hoping it would be a basic add-on to my wardrobe. it's been about a month and i have since washed and worn it twice. the color is now fading and i found a hole in the front of the shirt! i'm not sure if its the fine fabric that caused it to tear, but i washed it on gentle cycle and didn't do anything that would have warranted a tear. sadly this did not serve up to its purpose. i wouldn't suggest paying the price tag or even sale price for an item that i don't expec"	0
I was so excited to get this dress since it look so pretty on line but unfortunately the it was horrendous on. the model must have the dress tailored because it looks like a huge tent on me. it was very wide bust down and made me look 30 lbs heavier. i'm 5'4 and 125 lbs- ordered extra small and it fits bust up and arms so i say it's tts up top.	0
"This dress looked great on the hanger, but once on, it did absolutely nothing for me.  navy is one of my most flattering colors, but the navy in the dress did not make up for the yucky second color that was so blah it just reminded me of dirt. that second color made me look drab.  i am 5'8"" with a long torso and wear a size 12 in tts tops and dresses, but the waist on this dress hit at an uncomfortable spot between by waist and ribs. i really needed the waist to be dropped further. or higher"	0
"I loved the cut and style of this shirt, so was very disappointed when i put it on and it was very tight and slightly see-through. if you do order it, get it in a size larger."	0
"I ordered this dress in a xs petite. i am 5'0"" 105 lbs. the plaid looks more drab in person and the fit was very frumpy. the wrap style is typically flattering but on this dress, the dress tied above my natural waist and the fit made my hips appear larger. i was pretty disappointed in this little number and will be sending it back. it might work on taller people, like the model, but i would steer clear if you are a petite."	0
The shirt is very big. it would be cute as a maternity shirt.	0
"Appears much more sleek in the photograph. in real life, this shirt looks more like a pajama top. thin, extremely casual, not worth the price i paid- even in black. will be exchanging it tomorrow."	0
I wish this fit me better. i love the inside fur. it is extremely soft but it doesn't look flattering at all. it makes my shoulders look really broad and it was shorter in the length than i wanted. it wanted it fit over my butt (or cover half) and it sits a little below my waist. unfortunately i am taking it back. great idea though.	0
"I wanted to like this and even considered getting it altered, but just decided to return. it runs big and from the front it looks good, but the back just looked like a big oversized, stretched out tank. it was so comfy on though and not sheer or revealing. so if you're tall, go for it!!"	0
"I'm 5'3 and ordered the small. as soon as i saw it in person, i knew it was an item to return. the material is too transparent, and designed to wear with undergarments or swim gear that you want people to see. it was way too long for me. i think it would work for a taller person. i just didn't feel it was worth the money for the quality and transparency."	0
"I was disappointed in this shirt. the color was not the pretty blue pictured, but rather a grayish blue which may look good on a brunette, but not on a blonde. the fabric felt like linen and wrinkled easily. normally, the quality of the fabric is one of my main reasons to buy holding horses, but this one felt cheap. the detail and craftsmanship was beautiful, and i wish this shirt would have worked for me. i waited for it to go on sale and was very excited to receive it. holding horses is one of"	0
White and silver threads made fabric look grey. almost dirty. fit was nice and price is great. villa to pool to restaurant would be great. colored fabric would be better.	0
Unique jacket..... but when i put it on i felt and looked like charlie brown. this will be going back.	0
"I thought this dress would be a cute beach cover up so i was excited to order it but i was very disappointed. i am 5'7 and i usually wear a size small top and 4 dress so i ordered a small in this dress but it was huge!! i understand that it is not meant to be form fitting and i wasn't expecting it to be but when i tried this on i felt like i was wearing a potato sack. i feel like an extra small would have been just as bad. i was so upset. it also has thin silver lines through it which, for me, m"	0
I'm too tall for this. back goes halfway up my back. cannot do much with it other than front tie. fabric is not soft at all. not impressed. returned it.	0
"These pants were wonderful...for 2 seasons. yes, for almost $200 a pop they don't even last a full year! loved them so much, i bit the bullet & bought 4 pair. all 4 started to rip in the same spot! i tried to contact ag directly & they do not back up their products after 30 days. fortunately, retailer was wonderful (as always!) i will buy pilcro from now on - much better product for the money."	0
"These were great pants that fit well, had good rise, perfect stretch for my curves, and i was really happy to get them on sale. (i'm 5'10"", 165lbs, with a pear shape).   after only three months of occasional wear (about once a week, at most), and following wash instructions perfectly, they started deteriorating. the pockets are becoming unsewn, the fabric has over-stretched in little sections that bunch, and the bottom hem is coming unraveled. these are the most low-quality horrible pants i've"	0
This blouse has such a beautiful print but then it just goes down from there and can't be saved. the fabric is a sheer silk so it comes with an attached camisole that just doesn't lay right underneath. the sleeves are all gathered up and they have a puffy gather at the top that just ruins the whole blouse. i wish it was just a simple popover type blouse because it really is a lovely print. definitely not worth the money even at 1/2 off plus 25-%.	0
"I can always count on retailer to sell unique pieces, so when i saw this sweatshirt online, i ordered it right away.  it&#39;s adorable and quirky, however, when i received it in the mail, it reminded me of something my grandma would wear.  the sleeves are puff sleeves and are really long, while the bottom of the sweatshirt hit pretty high on my waist that when i raised my arms my stomach was showing.  if this was a more tailored sweatshirt, i would be keeping it, but sadly it&#39;s going back."	0
"A beautiful sweater and very flattering on.  the stock photos do not do it justice.  but, i had to give it only 2 stars because it was so itchy that i couldn't even keep it on in the dressing room for more than a minute."	0
"This is a very awkward and unflattering shirt. i am very petite--90 pounds and 5'2"". the arms fit--length and width, but nothing else about this fit. the scoop was so low and wide that i would require a shirt underneath. it fell exactly like a tent and made a bell shape around my thighs. yikes! it looks cute on the model, but not on me. the material is also very thin and felt sort of like it should be a pajama top."	0
"Like most people here, i wanted this beautiful dress to fit. so, i decided to see for myself if maybe, just maybe the negative reviews were wrong. they weren't. if you have any sort of breasts at all, the top probably won't fit properly. i imagine a narrow upper torso, like a 32 or 33, possibly a 34 might find the top part of the dress closes properly, but with a 36 c, i could not get a size 12 to button up. the waist hit at a strange spot, and despite the picture showing a narrow waist and grad"	0
My usual size was a bit large and baggy in most areas but the bust was sooo soo small. the button popped and i had barely moved. do not recommend this one for anyone with a bust. the detailing is very pretty though for someone that can make this work.	0
This hoodie was too thin. you can see right through it. i returned it.	0
"I'm 5'-4"", 130lbs with a 32f chest. this dress looked like a cross between little house on the prairie and a mu mu. i can't imagine this looking good on anyone who isn't 7' tall. also, the straight across, rather high neck line wasn't flattering to a large chest and then the arm holes are huge. the fabric was a bit shiny and felt cheap. it wasn't see through but it had the feel of a nightgown, not a hundred dollar dress."	0
"This dress fit so oddly. i tried on two different sizes and both did this super unflattering poochy thing at the belly. the dress wasn't tight at my hips in either size, it was just that there was weird extra fabri right around the midsection that stuck out. maybe i was too short? couldn't figure it out.   the color and detailing are beautiful though! a little tight in the bust."	0
"I would have kept this dress if it weren't for the giant arm holes and reveal my entire bra on both sides. other than that, it looks just like it does on the model and is a nice, substantial material."	0
"I am very disappointed with this order. the shirt looks and feels cheap, is not flattering in any way. i am sending it back right away."	0
"Maybe i shouldn't have sized up to an xl but i'm not sure a smaller size would have solved the weird fit. the vee is quite low and i'm busty. it'll be really low if you're smaller on top. the fit from back to front where it ties looked horrible on me. not tight at all. it's almost balloon like around the hem and from the side view, i looked like a really wide green apple. i hate leaving a bad review because i know someone may love it but i wouldn't recommend it."	0
"I originally bought this dress in the store. however, it ended being a size too big. so, i reordered the smaller size online (although it was backordered for a month). when it arrived, i noticed the sleeves were not cinched (like they are in the picture as well as the original dress i had purchased in-store). i thought maybe it had been a fluke so i returned the dress and reordered it again because it is a great dress. the second one just arrived and the sleeves are not cinched as well. this may"	0
So disappointed! beautiful dress in the photographs but the cut was incredibly strange. loose and baggy through the top and mid-section but tight around the buttock and thighs.	0
Just not as long as in the picture. it hit me at my hips not good!	0
"As soon as i saw this dress online i loved it and ordered it! unfortunately it just didn't work for me, i tried it in a small, medium and large. for reference i'm 5'2"", 145lbs, 36d. the dress is really pretty in person, but i looked like a little girl in it. my daughter who is 4'9"", 100lbs, 34a, also tried it on and she too looked like a little girl in it. the material is beautiful along with the detail at the neckline, however the neckline is not open like in the picture, it's more pushed toget"	0
These socks were very thin and the elastic at the top was very rigid. i could not get these socks to go any higher than half-way up my calf. i would not recommend this product. it felt very cheap and not of good quality.	0
"These socks were so narrow, especially on top, that they pinched my thighs and we're almost painful to wear all day. my thighs are pretty narrow, i'm only five feet tall and my legs and hips are the thinnest part of my body. i understand that they need to be reinforced on top so that they don't slip down but these are definitely made for a person who is unhealthily skinny. ""one size"" is definitely not true. they also snag easily."	0
"If you are thinking about purchasing this dress without trying on in person, i bet you aren't going to be happy with it. for a phisique that is 5' 3"" and 115lbs, this dress is not too short. however, the back key hole design is just not flattering. i felt like clothes in the back shoulder area is not fitted well and the zip up closure is not all the way zipped up even though it was so."	0
"I truly cannot understand the great reviews on this dress!  i purchased in both a sp and a mp.  i am 5'2"" 120#.  the mp fit perfectly.  i definitely wouldn't keep it though because it looks like someone sewed a bunch of old sweatshirts together.  it's not super soft, coarse on the inside, and feels old.  the back is longer than the front, it just looks like something my daughter would make in sewing class out of scraps.  even with leggings and great boots, it looks worn."	0
"This shirt appears nice in the pictures. it appears to have a bit of style. wrong. the shirt is one of the thinnest fabrics i've ever purchased. i live in warmer climate and its nice to have different cotton shirts with some style. this shirt has no style, and i thought it would. i have purchased this brand before, and thought this fabric would be similar. the other shirts were way nicer, softer, and had a different level of construction. i wanted to wear this shirt out and when i put it on it w"	0
These look nothing like the picture! they are super high-waisted & longer than they look in this picture. i felt as if i was wearing a pair of jeans from the 90's that just fit terribly. i thought they were going to be a pair of cropped wide legs & they are far from it. the color was also much lighter than shown in picture. super unflattering & just not for me. they're going back...	0
Bought this based off the reviews here but this was a miss for me. the colors weren't as vibrant as pictured and the waist in this dress is huge. not flattering and it went back. i buy an retailer dress every week so i just exchanged this one for another one i loved. not hard to do at all	0
"This sweater/jacket looks just like the photo in real life, but the inside is so scratchy. i physically recoiled when trying it on as the interior of the sleeves feels like sandpaper. unlined and uncomfortable. no thank you!  should you choose to proceed, i found the fit tts. i'm 5'8, wear an 8/10 and the medium worked for me."	0
"Maybe it's my curves or the way i'm only 5'4"" but this was a hot mess on me! it is soooo long and cut to low for my 36d chest. it is slim and the cut usually is flattering but somehow this dress was anything but! it is really shiny and the material is heavier than anticipated for warm weather. if you are super tall and skinny with no boobs, go for it! had to send back!"	0
"I wanted to love this shirt so much! i got this as a gift for christmas in the black. the first time i wore the shirt 3 of the buttons on the back fell off. keep in mind that they are not decorative and they held the shirt together. needless to say i was not so pleased to have my shirt fly open from the back. retailer and their amazing customer service took this shirt back no problem, but i wanted to give the fair warning!"	0
"I was looking for a dress for playing cello at my friend's wedding. the colors looked perfect, the cut was great, etc. very disappointed to find out how sparkly and scratchy the dress was in person, and sad that the slit came right to my knee, which is a really weird height. sadly returning - might purchase again if it goes on sale and i can't find anything better before the wedding :("	0
"This dress looks very beautiful on the model shown. unfortunately, when i tried it on, it did not flow as nicely as i would have liked it to. i also didn't care much for the waist ties on the side. an elastic waist might have been better."	0
"This is a beautiful shirt. the back is a few inches longer than the front which makes for a cool effect. the only thing that i didn't like about this shirt was how fragile the buttons on the back are. i was taking this shirt off and one popped off. when i went to hang it, another one popped off! so i had to return it. such a shame."	0
"The fabric is a little stiff, the back looks unusually long compared to the front, and it fits tight across the chest. and i'm not busty so that's not a factor."	0
"This is the most unflattering peplum top i have ever tried on. fit perfectly as a size 6 should in the arms, shoulder, chest... then the waist was huge! just hung off of me like a flour sack. it was wider than the chest measurements, which made me appear frumpy instead of tailored and classic. combine that with the high-low hemline and it looked like a project runway reject. sent back immediately, do not buy this if you have (or want to appear to have) an hourglass figure, it will do nothing for"	0
"Sctrachy, short, boxy, stiff. loved the idea of this sweater, but this was not what i was hoping for"	0
"I love everything about this except the length. i am short and usually order a petite and even this is really cropped on me. the quality is good, thick and substantial, color is great but very cropped and sleeves are long on me as well. just weird proportions so sadly, going back."	0
"The minute i put this sweater on, i couldn't wait to take it off. it was way too scratchy for me. so, for those with any type of sensitivity to wool, this is not the sweater for you. otherwise, i thought the design was quite cute."	0
"Note the sleeves on the model. that is how your regular size will fit your arms. however, even if you have skinny arms like i do, the sleeves will be tight. i bought my regular size xs and it was clingy with an odd flair and the length seems as though i ordered a petite and i am only 5 ft 2 in. i advise to try a few sizes on if you really are interested. the red is truly a red which is a good thing because so often it is hard to find a red that is not neon."	0
"I feel that for this price, i should love this top (and i wanted to). however, the price is on the high side for a relatively basic top, and there were a few things about it that could be improved. pros: i ordered a medium and feel that it's pretty true to size. additionally, the fabric is nice and light (but also *sheer*) and, generally speaking, has a nice pattern. overall, it's a very pretty top. cons: there's a cute criss-cross ruffle thing happening in the back but the model has cleverly"	0
Much lower quality than other robes i have purchased	0
"I wish i had read the other reviews before purchasing this product. label says that you can wash and dry normally. however, upon washing, the outer layer shrunk and the inner lining did not. the robe will now not lay flat; the fabric pulls at the edges, and results in the inner lining being revealed when the robe is tied shut. extremely disappointed. for a $100 garment, i expected much more. i wish i could return this."	0
"So bummed. i was really hoping this top would work for me. i got the black in regular size 4 and the pink in petite size 4. both hit my breast too high and were too bulky in the mid section. i have a sort of short torso, wear a small 34c, and am have a defined waist. when tops are bulky, it gives me no shape and just looks terrible. i am having the hardest time finding pretty tops that suit my figure. they did not lie flat like on the model but had so much extra fabric they stuck out. the constr"	0
"This is the worst shirt i have ever tried on from retailer. it is basically a big shaggy box from the front, and from the side it looks like a tent. it is also short."	0
"I have a few evening functions this month and the next few months and i thought this dress would be different and fun. i really wanted to like it, but i could not. there were spots missing sequence, some fell off as i tried the dress on, and i did try it on twice. each time there were some on the floor. they are sewed on so poorly, for the price of this dress. i fear it would be a dress for one season and i'd have to throw it out. not for that price. so back it goes."	0
"I loved this tunic the first time i wore it. i ordered it in the red and it was very flattering on my post-pregnancy figure and extremely cute with leggings and boots - just what i wanted. it fit true to size, even with a few extra pounds around the chest area. imagine my horror when i pulled it out of the wash - having followed the directions on the tag exactly - and discovered it had shrunk and no longer fit properly. in particular the sleeves became incredibly, uncomfortably tight and much sh"	0
"I really liked the look of the orange so ordered an xs. i prefer a s petite but it is sold out. the xs arrives and while i still like the color, the fit is really weird. the cowl is very high up but the sleeves are still long. it looks nothing like the photo. i cannot see how the cowl sits on the model's collar bone. despite eliding the color, the design is off so have to return."	0
This sweater was so itchy i immediately was turned off. it looks cute in pictures but another problem was that the knitting in the shoulders looks like a kid made it. it was uneven and stretched out. it looked like it was not well made to me. it also shed so much that just from me trying it on my pants were covered in orange fuzz. i returned this one.	0
"This sweater was just okay. i am happy to pay $100 or more for a sweater but this one was somewhat itchy, and not the quality i expected for that price. i may have kept it if it were at about half the price, but it just was not worth it. retailer prices seem to be going up and up and the quality less and less. i had similar experiences with a couple of shirts that i ordered over the summer. looked great in the photos, but unfortunately in person were not quality garments."	0
"This sweater is a lovely color and very soft. however, the sweater 'sheds' terribly and the color is very large distracting from the overall appearance. it's also thin and whatever shirt is worn underneath will show through."	0
The material is very nice. not flimsy at all which is nice. the problem was the fit around the arms. i am a petite person with a small chest but it still didn't cover me bra. i'll be returning it.	0
"I really like both colors in this top. i love the way it lays, the length, the material, etc. what i don't like is that the arm holes are very large and shows the entire side of your bra. this is definitely a summer top so why would someone want to have to wear a cami when it's warm enough to go sleeveless? too bad, i would have bought it for sure."	0
"I was so excited to buy it online, but it come in a small plastic bag, and lot of pieces are missing on the one i got, so i had to return it"	0
"I ordered this top on line. i wanted to love it, but unfortunately the fit was not for me. i am 5'9 with a long torso. this top was cut very wide and looks like a maternity top."	0
"I was so looking forward to receiving this in the mail! when it arrived, i was very disappointed. the color is more mauve than dusty pink, and the fabric is stiff and wrinkled.....not at all what i expect velvet to be (flowy and soft). the fabric seems very cheap for the price point.  i usually like floreat, but this one is headed right back to the store!"	0
"Beautiful print, however as the previous reviewer mentioned it is very sheer, much sheerer than the product shot shows. i was expecting to be able to wear a nude bra under this without a cami, however my nude bra was completely visible. the top also ended at the middle of the zipper of my jeans, so much shorter than the tunic length shown, and the bottom half of the sleeves ballooned out much more noticeably in person (the top half of the sleeves are slim, and the bottom half are looser). over"	0
"This shirt is adorable. but...it didn't work for me! i'm a smaller gal with a large chest (5'4"", 34g). i tried on the small, since it seemed so flowy and large. the sleeves were tight, yet the back of the shirt flowed way too much, making the shirt look huge on me. perhaps a more fitted back, and i would have been in love. love the blue color!"	0
"The top on the model in the photo is a true ivory, but the top in reality is more beige. well, i'm blonde with fair skin, so i'm not sure this is going to work. it also looks more dressy in the photo than it does in reality -- i think the ivory color on the model and the pleats only down the front make it look more dressy -- but in reality, with it really being beige, having pleats everywhere, and being a crinkly fabric, it looks more casual. i had wanted it to be more dressy to pair with skirts"	0
"I was so excited for this to arrive. at the end of last summer, my favorite shirt (you know the kind - dresses up or down with ease - it's your go to for work or a night out with friends) was ruined and i have been searching for the perfect replacement. i thought that this would be a good contender, but i was ever so disppaointed when i opened the bag...  firstly, the base color is not accurately represented in the photograph - in person its more of a peachy off-whte instead of white. still pr"	0
"Nice design but very wrinkly fabric that doesn't fall well. also, as has happened to me before, retailer sent me a dress clearly worn/used and returned by someone else with hair all over it. you would think they would at least look at returned dresses to make sure that the returned clothes were free of stains and hair before they send them out."	0
"It's a rather boring tank. i thought it'd be perfect under a cardigan for work, but decided against it. the fit is boxy, and does not look good on a girl with curves."	0
"I am 5'2 107lb and an xs petite.the embroidery was the only nice thing about this dress, but everything else was really unflattering -- the huge puffy sleeves especially. another reviewer said this was more like a shift, and she was right. not worth the price on sale."	0
"I wanted this skirt to work! it is soft, comfortable, and cute! unfortunately, it runs to short.  i am 5'8"" and would not be able to pull it off at work. i ordered a bigger size and it still didn't work."	0
I was so excited to get this in the mail... and loved everything about it except for the fact that it was only as long as one inch above my navel! i don't know why it looks like a normal length on the model. im returning it.	0
"I've been waiting to purchase this top for some time, thinking it would be perfect weight for fall/winter. i'm pretty disappointed. since i don't live close to an retailer, i typically order a size up to avoid returns and usually end up with items that fit just right or a little loose which is no big deal, this sweater however i was swimming in, like a child in an adult sweater! it was huge! and not to mention unflattering on my short fuller shape. i wasn't impressed with the material either, it f"	0
"The quality of the shirt is top notch. the fabric is lightweight and comfortable. now the cons: this top is cut like a square and fits wide which is not apparent in the photo. definitely not for me."	0
"I so wanted to love this sweatshirt. it is very soft and seems like excellent quality and material. the pattern is pretty, and i envisioned spending hours cuddled up reading in it. unfortunately, the body of the sweatshirt (particularly the front torso area) was too big, and it popped out around me like a balloon. the arms fit well, so i don't think that i could have gone down a size. i was also not keen on the way the neck hung, which was either very stiff and tall around my neck when unfolded"	0
I was surprised by the other reviews. expected to live in this all winter but found the style bulky and awkward. the hi-low cut with so much bulk just wasn't flattering. i wish the armholes had been larger so that the body of the shirt would have fallen closer to my body. the armholes are the size of a fitted shirt which pulls the shirt wide rather than allowing it to drape a bit more. it is incredibly soft but just not as comfortable as i'd hoped. it went back.	0
Fits like a maternity top. not for my age group or build.	0
Weave on the sweater quite open and easily snags . the first day i wore it the seam on the sleeve began to unravel. needed to use a crochet hook to reweave after the first wearing. not confident that it will hold up well to its first wash.	0
This is a great dress if you don't want to leave the house or you want the world to see your nipples.	0
"I was so bummed when this came in...the colors and print are beautiful, but the neck is super itchy because of an elastic/ruffle combo. there is also a liner which is a nice touch, but it's significantly shorter than the top layer which drove me nuts. definitely going back."	0
Wasn't crazy about this top. it looked great online but in person it's just a boring and lifeless top.	0
"I loved the color and design until i tried it on in the store. i am 5'5"" with a slender build. i tried my usual xs but couldn't manage to put this shirt on me without risking smear my makeup or scratch my face by the elastic band at the neckline. the band is so small even fully stretched out. i have a normal sized head just in case you wonder... i gave up after wrestling with it. i can only imagine how uncomfortable to wear something with a tight elastic band choking me...funny... but not funny."	0
"My 3 daughters and i all wear a size small and are heights range between 5'2 and 5'10 . this dress was sloppy on every one of us. i don't think a size x small would have made a difference. the length is all over the place .i""m not sure how or where you would fit a bra into the picture. on the positive side was very soft. it may work as a beach cover -up."	0
"Tried this twice in yellow because for the price it seems like it would be such a useful piece, but the quality is below average for an retailer dress. it's just a shapeless, thin, beach cover-up that i could've picked up anywhere. the yellow color is so cute though. if you're looking for a light, breezy, go-to-the-beach dress that you can shove in a bag with your towel, this might be good for you, but it's too thin for just about anything else."	0
"I purchased this in the yellow xs. it is very comfortable, but extremely see-through. you'd have to wear a slip or something underneath it, but i'm not sure what would work based on the style, and even if i wore a strapless bra it was still see-through. unfortunately i had to return it."	0
One can't tell from the picture but the top shoulder part is sheet and transparent. it also is very long almost dress length.  feels less quality than what retailer usually carries.	0
"I feel in love with this piece. the color are gorgeous and i received so many compliments. it lifted my mood just wearing it! sadly, ut the end of the first wear i had a run up the front and by the middle of the second wear the light fabric got caught on something and a hole developed. upon further inspection i found another hole at the top where the price tag must have been attached. i also noticed all over pilling after the first wear! so sad! they should recreate this in a heavy fabric."	0
"Read the reviews and thought i would just remove the label asap to prevent snags since i loved the item!  however, the item came with unrepairable holes, not just snags and they are either on the neck or front sleeve which forces me to return the item asap. didn't even try it on. so sad, but i still love retailer!!!"	0
"I generally don't write bad reviews, but there is a real discrepancy between the quality of this kimono and the cost. the design and colors are great, but the fabric is ripping on all the kimonos on the rack in my store where the manufacturer's tag is at the back of the neck. the material is very thin, so there are other small holes beginning throughout the garment. i shop at retailer all the time, and this is not a $98 item of clothing."	0
"Beautiful fabric! unfortunately, i had to return it. after just one wear, it had pills all over the side. fabric is too delicate. sad to return!"	0
"Love retailer's kimonos and when i saw this pattern i had to have it! unfortunately, when i bought it the tag was already showing holes so they gave me 15% off... went to wear it for the first time, there was already a huge snag in it! i love retailer but for 98$ this is not worth your money."	0
"The colors on this kimono are amazing and i really loved it, however, i too noticed the 'delicateness' of the material. it is so delicate that parts were starting to fray - including next to the kimono's label. so sad."	0
"I'll start by saying the fabric and concept are beautiful. the top is sheer, but that's pretty clear in the images and not surprising for a lightweight white blouse. the problem is that the arms are more fitted and the torso (not the chest, but the mid-section) is cut fairly wide. i'm 5'10"", 140#, 34b and usually wear a 4 or a small/medium depending on how relaxed i want the fit. i purchased this in a 4. the arms were workable but slightly fitted, and the torso fit like an 8. chest was as expect"	0
It is soft and hangs great. problem - i wore it one time - and the back balled up terrible. it looked like i had owned it for years - not worn it one time. wouldn't recommend. though it is sooooo soft!	0
Love the softness and the length. the color was perfect. but you have be be a very skinny almost boney person for you to not show imperfections to your body. the fabric is not thick enough and does not have the give to over shadow normal imperfections. will be returning the sweater.	0
This cardigan looked great on line but it is one of the worst things i ever ordered at retailer. the quality is awful and the material feels flimsy and cheap.	0
"The dress is absolutely beautiful in person. the blue stripes are a bit brighter and the print on top is more muted. it's unique and sure to turn heads. being 5'2"" i tried on the small petite. this size is usually perfect (lengthwise) for me. however this dress was about 2"" too long. another complaint is the style of the top half. the model in the picture seems to be hiding the puffiness of the top half. the top half puffs out and made me appear much wider than i am. not a good look on anyone."	0
"This may be the ugliest dress with the worst fit i have ever tried. the blue stripes are brighter than they appear in the photo, absolutely garish. the top is baggy with awful beads on the back ties, it just looks cheap. the skirt is an antebellum nightmare.   i did not even want to try it on, it's that bad. i considered adding a photo, but was too horrified. for reference, i'm 5'10"", approximately the height/ size of the model, but it was shorter than the photo depictes. i wanted to like it,"	0
"Thought this would be a great dress for warm days, but alas it fit like a sack. love floreat and have a few of their well made dresses. shame this did nothing for my curves. ordered an 8, usually wear a 10 and it was a tad narrow in the shoulders. if you can sport a loose swingy shape, this is a great dress with nice detailing, but sadly the shape did not work for me."	0
"I love jumpsuits for their style and comfort. i loved the look of this blue silky piece, and the review that said it was like lounge wear you could wear out of the house. i agree that it is like lounge wear, but for me, there were a few challenges.  first, the fit was small. i am usually anywhere between a 2 and a 6 depending on style, cut and brand. i tried the small in this and it was not a flowy look or feel. it was restrictive in the hip area in a way that would make me not want to wear th"	0
"Don't be fooled by the photos online. the color is a bright baby blue, not pale blue. it's a beautifully designed dress, however, the material is so bulky and heavy. it's so unflattering. i was afraid to try it on and my fears came true: this dress just hung on me and pulled me down. i wanted so much to love it, but i returned it."	0
"I should have listened to previous reviewers. but the dress looks so good on the model in the two dimensional pictures. when it arrived in the mail, i realized this is a mistake. it has no shape, material is poofy and feels cheap. it is going back."	0
"This is so close to perfect, but there's a seam down the middle of the back and they didn't bother to match the polka dots. you can see the mismatch in the second photo. i was about to buy the jacket, and totally in love, when i turned and saw the error. i hoped it was one bad match, but nope, on every one. couldn't unsee, didn't buy. very disappointed."	0
"I am typically a small/6 in dresses, but i should have gone with the other reviewers and sized down. it had no shape, but hung like a paper sack. the armholes fit perfectly though, if i had sized down they may have been too tight. i am 5'6"" 140 lb i will return, too bad because it is a pretty dress!"	0
"I bought these and returned them almost immediately. the material looks nice, but itchy and heavy. the fit is too small and just uncomfortable to wear."	0
"Really loved this dress online and was excited to try it out. when it arrived it was heavy & bulky in the package which didn't bode well. taking it out of the bag, i was surprised at how heavy & thick it was. the picture really looks like it would be a flowy, grecian dress to throw on during a hot summer day ? but in the reality you might drown in sweat. the interior linings promised absolutely no breathing fabric.  wanted to love this as the style is very cute but was disappointed by the mate"	0
"As much as i buy from retailer, this is my first review. the pictures do not accurately show how large this dress is in person. i wanted something that was a bit flowy, but this was a reminder of little house on the prairie. the most unflattering dress ever and since it's only available online, i'm not interested enough to try a smaller size."	0
"I tried this top on thinking it would be cute for the summer. it looked more like a maternity top with the fullness in the bottom. so if you're expecting, this one would be great."	0
This top completely fell short for me. i was so excited for it to arrive yesterday and upon opening the package i knew immediately that it was not what i was expecting. in the images online there seam up the middle of the shirt isn't even noticeable but in person it is very prominent...and not in a good way. the peplum is a lot fuller then pictured as well. did not work well with my large bust (34d). returned.	0
"Not great quality, runs a bit lose, disproportionate (too large in neck and arms area)"	0
I ordered a size small (usually i am ps) but wanted the extra length. usually i can get away with a regular small but not this time. such a cute style but made me look short & wide. unfortunately it's going back	0
"This top arrived today, and after trying it on, i wanted to leave a review to say that the shirt is 100% without a doubt pinned back on the model in the product picture. the fit is designed to be loose, so i don't think anyone could possibly get the same look as the model even if they sized down. i've included a picture of how it fits naturally, and a picture of how it fits the model as i hold the fabric back. it's still a cute shirt, just not the flattering top i was expecting. i'm debating on"	0
"This top looks so pretty on the model. however, the photo is deceiving as the bottom section is quite wide and loose. i am petite but between a c+ to d cup. the top is not really fitted, so my bust pushed the top out and made it look like a maternity piece. from the side it hung way in front of my body. i am wondering if this is clipped in the back on the model. if you are smaller chested and taller, this top might look nice on you. i am 5'1"", 105 lbs and c-d cup. i really loved the fabric and c"	0
"I don't normally write reviews, but this shirt was so terrible, that i felt inspired.   first off, the seam that is in both the front and back of the shirt is much more pronounced than in the photo. secondly, there is no shape whatsoever, unlike in the photo. it bells out like a tent. it honestly looks like a shirt you would buy if you were trying to appear pregnant when not. overall, this shirt is an insult to the female form.   retailer, what is with all of these shapeless, frocks in cheap f"	0
"I was excited to see this top, ordered it and was disappointed. it was too tight across the chest and had too much fabric around the bottom. i tried this on 3 times hoping for i had been wrong in previous assessments- no luck."	0
"Well, the model looks great and i really like interesting unusual designs as it can be really unique for very long time. i tried and when i opened package it was funny looking tent with several beautiful buttons. fits like tent, long, huge, make me look like i am on military trials and i supposed to be some sort of target."	0
"The design of this dress was very off for my 5'4"", 120 lb, 32d frame. it's low-cut and tight in the bust, but then very voluminous and unstructured around the hips, making me look wide there. a belt didn't help much. the fabric is nice, but the overall effect of the dress was frumpy."	0
"The photo of the mila turtleneck where model has her hands to her sides, and just below her hair, there is a bit of extra fabric which falls to the bottom of the sweater in a bit of a pleat- well, it's not representative of the abundance of fabric in the xl. i usually wear an l or xl well with retailer clothing. the excess added the appearance of excessive pounds from breasts to bottom of sweater. bummer. i'll be returning it."	0
"This dress is beautiful and unique - the cutouts and lace really stand out. however, the dress was huge on me and that is rare with moulinette souers. i usually get a 0 or 0p in this brand due to the bust sizing being generally smaller but the 0 regular was huge and the armholes really big. the petite may have been better but felt that it would have been too short. while the design is beautiful, there were several areas on the dress where the threads were unraveling. for reference, i am 24 waist"	0
"I thought the sweater itself was beautiful, but found the fabric to be stiff and itchy."	0
"This was disappointing to me. i love how this looks on the model. unfortunately it made me look huge. it was all bunched up after i buttoned and put it on. i didn't find it was tts, i am a 10 m and got the m. it was too tight in the waist. before i'd even put it on, i noticed the waist looked very small. i don't even think the sizing issue caused the material bunching. it's like the buttons didn't match up or something."	0
"I got this sweater with high hopes to wear it with some leggings for christmas. it looked adorable (and long!) on the model. however, it doesn't even cover my butt, that's how short it is. if you're anything over 5'4"", i'd say it'll be too short for leggings."	0
"The cutout design of this suit looks cute on the model but didn't flatter my shape. i think it would work better on someone very thin. the criss-cross fabric portion was a bit baggy and didn't sit right. even worse, the bust portion made me look flat (and i'm a full c cup)."	0
The dress arrived wrinkled so i washed it and pressed it. it looked beautiful until i sat down. the entire dress was wrinkled and it looked terrible all day. can't wear this again.	0
"After reading the previous review, i was pretty confident in ordering this dress. it arrived in the mail today, and i was so disappointed. first of all, it's huge. the medium was way too big on me, and i'm never a small at retailer! (i even considered ordering the large in this - my normal size at retailer.) second, the colors are not as vibrant as in the photo, and the fabric felt cheap. finally, it just looked like i went to hawaii and bought a drab dress there that didn't fit right."	0
I ordered my usual size m and when arrived i thought the material and cut was nice.  once i tried it on it was way too big in hips.  i looked rather comical how it extended on the sides.  i returned the dress.	0
"I cannot imagine this dress working in any size. i am a small, thin and average height woman (usually a 25/26 in pants, a size 32c bust, and 5'6"" tall). this dress was huge. i sized down to a 2 ( i am always a 4 in dresses) and this dress was still big... i do not know if i could size down to a 0 though as the shoulders seemed to fit right. it was ginormous. i got it for a wedding in two months and i will be 3 months pregnant, it still wouldn't work unless i was 9 months pregnant and carrying tr"	0
"As the other reviewer said, the skirt had this weird bunching on both sides of the hips-it was ridiculous. i don't know how anyone could wear it-looks like you had two little triangle things poking out from each hip. i'm long and lean so usually skirts like this fit me well. very very strangely constructed-i couldn't keep it even at the deeply discounted price"	0
"I ordered this in a size 1 which i thought would be a small and it was very, very wide. it is very short too. i typically wear a small and am 5'8"" and 132 lbs. it's going back unfortunately. very soft material though."	0
"This top did nothing for me. it billowed in the front and was not flattering. for reference, i am 5""4, 115 pounds, and small chested. i ordered the smallest size the top came in (cannot recall if it was an xs or 0). i promptly returned it."	0
"Would be flattering on someone who is slim with all the right curves. i'm average size and a mother of 3. the medium was not a true medium. the fabric was amazing. the arm holes were too open/low cut for my taste.  i'm 5'7"" and 140. this landed mid calf. not my preference.   retailer accepted the return with a hassel free refund all under 2 weeks from receiving it."	0
"This might look good on you if you are very tall and slim. i am a curvy medium and this was not at all flattering, it is a straight cut and hugs in the wrong places. the color is not true: it is black stripes on gray (not cream). i thought the stripes might flatter my shape, but alas, i did not look good in this.  the material is very nice, soft and stretchy."	0
"I love the way this dress hangs straight down on the model, but on me it looked tacky.  i'm 5'6 and 130 lbs, and this dress hit me in all the wrong places.  i got a size small- sizing up would be huge in the top of the dress (and the arm holes are already dangerously large).  i wish this were just a little bit a-line.  instead, it's literally like someone just extended the length of a t-shirt."	0
"I usually love bordeaux so i was very disappointed with this shirt when it arrived. the fabric smelled plastic-y which is a first for me with retailer products. when i put the shirt on, i could see it had that sheen that comes from rayon spandex blend shirts, i hadn't noticed that it had spandex in it when i ordered it. this fabric looks and feels exactly like the cheap blends sold at discount stores. i can't believe retailer is selling this."	0
"I really wanted to love this waistcoat. i purchased this online and tried it on as soon as i received it. it runs large, but i should have realized the horizontal stripes sitting on the hips is not a good thing. the fur adds additional bulk where it is not needed, the hip area !!!!. i purchased a small and could have purchase a xs, but i think the problem would still be there in a smaller size. it's going back, but i am disappointed as i really wanted a something a little alternative !!!!!"	0
"These pants are gorgeous when you first see them. they fit beautifully when you first put them on. and then you wear them for one day. and they snag. on everything. and little strings start to come out of the pants. and the hem begins to unravel. and the pants which were once beautiful light summer pants appropriate for work or brunch are now frumpy, worn out pants with a million snags and strings hanging off of them .... after one day.   i can't begin to tell you how annoyed i am that i spent"	0
I love everything from retailer but this top did not fit all that flattering. the neck line fits a little weird. too bad. color was nice though. i returned the top.	0
I wanted to love this dress. it really has no style. i was expecting the smocking to be fitted but it just hung. i considered going down a size but i think the lining would have been too tight. had to return it.	0
Huge with bountiful amounts of extra fullness....not like represented picture. and it snags very easily. i have a 4 mo. old puppy that jumped up on me as i was trying it on and snagged it in several places. 'i'm going to see about returning it with the snags.	0
"Just piping in here -- ordered my usual size of small petite. the slip that came with the dress is about a size negative zero, it could hardly squeeze over my body and the dress itself is a bright pale aqua and it is a shift. and because of the smocking it hangs very strangely. i think it looks very cheap and is ill fitting. i would say if you are a person on which shift dresses look awesome you might like this, but mind the size of the slip in the petites range, and also it is aqua."	0
"I really love the idea behind this. however, the fit doesn't work for me. i'm usually a s or xs in retailer tops, and i often go with xs for sleeveless tops. this one runs small though - the xs was a bit too small on me based on length and width. the neckline was very high (higher than it looks in the model photo) and the armholes were too big. so i don't think sizing up would improve matters much due to the armhole issue. the other criticism is that the front is not lined."	0
Frumpy - looked like a nightgown on me; maybe  better on someone younger ...	0
"This dress was adorable & fit great! regrettably, i had to return it since it wasn't lined."	0
"The lace and fit were good. but the length seemed awkward to me given how boxy and flowy-ish the dress is. it felt like a baby doll with sleeves or something. and i hated the ""outside"" middle material, hated it. it felt cheap and odd when compared to the lace. maybe i was just not in the right demographic for this piece."	0
"I love the design and the fabric, but the fit is just off on this dress. the area around the bust is just not fitted well. the wrap portion of the dress in this area gaps and does not lie flat. that is an easy enough fix with a good seamstress, but the waist also sat too high on me (maybe i'm long waisted, who knows?), so between the super high waist and the flannel-type fabric, it just looked kind of like a bath robe on me. i wish it weren't so. i was so hoping for a cool plaid dress that i cou"	0
"This is one of the lowest quality shirts i have ever received from retailer. i was so excited for the shirt, it looked so pretty and soft in the pictures. the flax is very scratchy, marring the softness of the rest of the fabric. the top half is totally sheer, requiring a cami. the shirt is cut in such a way that it flares out from the rib cafe in an unstructured way, unnecessarily adding visual pounds. finally, the sewing is done very poorly and the the side tag is literally three inches long--wh"	0
"I ordered this in size xl and ended up returning it as soon as i received it. the color was just as pretty in person. the thick eyelet panel was well done. the problem is the whole tank was much smaller/tighter than pictured. i have several tops from this maker and was surprised how this was cut too small compared to their normal fit. i'm pear-shaped, so the hip area looked terrible. but, the whole top just wasn't up to the typical fitting standards for xl. retailer has done much better in the pas"	0
"I so loved this dress online. not so much in person. first of all it didn't fit my build. i'm 5'4"" with a 32f bust and the waist line was just a bit too high to be flattering. mainly i'm returning it because of the fabric. the petticoat netting does rustle as another buyer pointed out. my main fault is that the top fabric is synthetic and cheaply printed. basically it's the lining fabric of a better made dress or coat. if it were cotton voile or silk it would have been beautiful. why they made i"	0
"Regretfully, this dress is on its way back for an exchange. the dresss is beautiful and fits true to size, i ordered it in both colors, however, the black has a defect in the lace right on the front of the dress, and the white was tearing in a few spots under the arms and on the bottom. again, the dress is so pretty and i am hoping retailer will find me one without bunching, pulls , or tears for an exchange, but i can't pay 130"" for a dress that is already torn."	0
Agree with other reviewer that this is massive even for a cape. unflattering overall. i normally wear a size 2 of 4 and bought this in an xs and two of me can easily fit into this with room to spare. unlined and it itches!	0
"This dress is so pretty, a true cinderella dress, that's why i can't find a reasonable explanation for such an amazing dress to be made out of plastic. i don't understand much about fabrics, but the dress feels like a waterproof camping tent. i bought a size 14, which is what i wear in moulinette souers (i usually go one size up since i find the rib cage small in this brand), the fit was perfect and the cut was very flattering. i will anxiously hope for a remake of this dress with a better fabri"	0
"I loved this dress. it fit perfectly everywhere except for the sleeves. the dress has an overall relaxed fit, but the sleeves were way too tight. i had to send back because of sleeves."	0
"I ordered this in a small and medium hoping one would work, but the previous reviews were exactly correct, the bodice is way too small in proportion to the rest of the jumpsuit. the bottom has lots of fabric, which wouldn't be bad except you have to go up a size to make the bodice fit, then the bottom becomes overwhelming. i am 5'5"" and 115 so i have a slim build and couldn't get the bodice to zip in a small. the medium would have needed altering, which wouldn't have fixed the extra fabric on th"	0
"I adore the feel and cut of these culottes, but the quality has diminished my faith in retailer. picks, piles, and serious wear and tear after just one day. i feel as if i wasted my money."	0
Another tent-like tee. this shirt is thin but not in a bad way and the color and design are really nice. but...it is really boxy and i'm just tired of that look. the longer sleeves are a plus for fall.	0
"I am floored by all of the positive comments about these culottes! i can see that they would work for someone who is rail thin and has no hips... but for those of us with curves (i'm a size 12, hourglass), these are very unflattering. they made me look like i was carrying an extra 20-30 pounds, just around the hips! so bummed because they look so cute on the model."	0
"This dress hit my waist in a weird spot and was too short. i would not have felt comfortable bending over. it was a tad too full which wasn't flattering either. i really wanted to love it bc they design is adorable. i need to return it!!"	0
"I got these in the mail today and to me, they look exactly like the pants my mamaw used to wear in the 80s. they were super comfy but not cute at all on me. they do run large like other reviews say. i am usually an 8/10 or med and these in the small were the right choice. going back because they just look horrible on me though"	0
Super cute but the fabric was so thin & flimsy i was afraid it would fall apart once it was washed so returned it.	0
"On me, this top is totally frumpy and boxy. i am 5'9, 34dd and the bottom hung on me like a bedskirt. not fitted at all. i ordered a large--not being sure of fit. i have a flat stomach and it just hung....yuck. honestly, for the price and fit, i wouldn't consider a medium. i think it would a tad better but not worth the price."	0
"My v-shape figure (broad shoulder, narrow hips, waist not well defined) looked completely square in this. not flattering at all. perhaps better for other figures."	0
"The sweater was nice but not as long as on the model. it was itchy also. this sweater was not what i had expected. their was nothing exceptional about it to spend that kind of hard earned cash, sorry retailer. i sent it back ."	0
"I'm a petite so as usual i have to order from retailer. i saw this on line and tried it on in a regular size in the store. even though of course it didnt fit, the style of the tee was nice so i ordered it. i couldnt have been more disappointed when i received it. the quality was truly awful. i'm not even sure why it is being sold. the neckline was warped and wouldn't lie flat again the neck or chest; the bottom hem was crooked. it was really bad. also having purchased tees in similar material befo"	0
"As the previous reviewer mentioned, the pockets ruin this dress. pockets, usually such a good idea! but here they're misplaced (right on the hips) and made of the same thick ponte fabric as the dress, so they stand out far from the body and completely ruin the line of the dress... not flattering to have huge gaping hip pockets. this makes an otherwise good dress a total loss."	0
"I ordered the xl in white. for fit, it's true to size. it matches the model's photos. it's a comfortable top. the shape is good with the pleating. but, the color is definitely off. it's as if the white fabric was pre-washed with navy. it's not the fresh, crisp white shown, at least for the one i received.   the quality of the material is basic. the black version might be the better one overall. i'm going to exchange the white one i have to give that a try. overall, i don't think it's worth ful"	0
"I might be the only odd person out there who think this jacket is not perfect at all. a lot of other reviewers said that the jacket runs small. for me, it's not true at all, i had to go to xxp petite to find the fit acceptable, but it was simply too short (rather than 20"" as it states on the website, it's more like 18""), which is a thing i almost never experienced because i am a petite person! i don't even want to go regular size because it would've been too big. i saw some photos that others po"	0
"Comments. the detail is lovely - especially the dragonflies on the sleeve. and the quality is there with the lining. trouble is this is thick fabric cut in a box shape. imo, you have to be very skinny to pull this off and not look like a tank. i looked at the model (after purchasing) and notice that she has it open and swept back a bit bc if it is not, it is terribly unflattering."	0
"This cardigan is made of nice materials and is lined, but it is boxy and totally un-fitted. i swim, which means i have large shoulders, and this thing makes me look like a boxing champion, well a fat boxing champion as it has not waste-line. the sleeves are too long, and as usual, retailer saves on money by using little cheap hooks instead of buttons as a closing system, so if you choose to close this cardigan, it just looks awful."	0
"First let me say i love the fabric and the pattern of the blue dress. but the fit is extremely loose. they could take out an entire 12 inches of material and it would still be a swing dress. the photo of the back of the model, where the blue dress goes in to her waist is not at all accurate. if it was, i would love this dress. the photo of the model wearing the other color is how the dress actually hangs - straight down from the underarms and then bigger as it goes toward the hemline. i am 5'7"""	0
This dress is really nice and lightweight. the slip is snug so the outer part floats nicely. but..it adds a bit too much volume if you have a lot of curves. it disguises in a way but also is a bit less flattering. i really wanted to like it because it's so breezy but a tad matronly on me.	0
Totally see through.	0
This dress is very thick cotton material. like a sweatshirt. i was hoping to wear this to a wedding but it is a tunic at best. the bell part of the sleeves also stick out awkwardly because of the fabric.	0
"The stone color was nice, but the material is heavy and doesn't breath. if you are partial to more natural fabrics i would go with a different item. upside would be that i imagine this shirt will last."	0
I am short and curvy and this shirt swallowed me. sleeves were especially long.	0
This shirt is unflattering and boxy. it does not look cute at all on me. i am returning.	0
This material is a nice quality but the shirt is boxy and shapeless. it was not flattering at all on my shape. i don't think it would look nice on anyone with an hourglass shape or fuller chest.	0
I tried this dress on at my local store and was very disappointed in the slip portion of this dress. there is no give with the slip so even though the dress portion is quite flowy the slip prevents anyone with a large chest or hips to wear this dress.	0
"Unfortunately this top is shirt-length, and i'm only 5'4"". needs to be about 6"" longer. made of sweatshirt material, which i wouldn't mind if it were longer. also runs very wide- ordered an xs and could have gone smaller."	0
"This dress is horrible. i can't believe they can get away with calling it a ""dress"". it should have been called a tunic or shirt. it looks like it is a soft flowing dress made out of nice material from the pictures, no way. it is made from sweatshirt material it is lifeless and is kind of stiff. it came to the top of my thighs. i can't find one nice thing to say about this dress and i do not recommend it. the picture does it so much more justice that it is worth."	0
"I so wanted to love this tank, and was so excited to get it in the mail! i got a size small (my usual) and it ran so large i wasn't even sure an xs would've fit properly. the material looked lighter and blouse-y on the model, but in person is much thicker and sort of ""hangs"". underarms run large and are gaping from the body. i am sad to return this top because i love the color and idea of it, but it just can't work on me!"	0
"I couldn't wait to get this top in the mail since they didn't have it at my local retailer, but i was so disappointed in both the quality and fit. the white is completely see-thru, i can't believe how sheer the material is - especially for the price. even as the shirt is lying down, i can see through both layers of it... the fit runs small, and short."	0
"This top seemed so unique online, but in person it was really nothing like the pics. super full, shorter cut. the quality wasn't what i thought it would be. i will gladly pay for nice,quality fabric and unique prints anyday... but this wasn't any of those things.."	0
"This top is gorgeous and beautifully made. however, the fit leaves a lot to be desired. the other parts of the straps pucker out and do not lay flat on your skin. i tried to make this work but just couldn't, so it's going back."	0
"I was drawn to this top because of the interesting and detailed straps, which are embroidered with a lovely triangle pattern. however the embroidery takes away any stretchy-ness or give in the cotton and makes the top a beautiful but ill-fitting harness for anyone with any breasts or full-figured lusciousness. the worst part is that the top hem along the top is embroidered and rigid just like the straps, so it feels like you are wearing an uncomfortable strapless top. i wanted to keep this but h"	0
"I loved the design online but the sweater is bulky and boxy. i had chosen the cream with blue and now looking back at the other pictures of the beige/cream it represents it better. it made me look very wide. loved it online but it wasn't for me, returned it."	0
"Absolutely loved this top but after i washed it the underside color ran at the stitching. it is all white on the outside but at the bottom hem it has a really cool 1"" lining in a mustard color. i did a cold water wash and flat to dry. i noticed around the stitching at the bottom the mustard color has bled through just at the area of the mustard color stitching.   i am so disappointed b/c i loved this top."	0
"From the photos, i thought the design was embroidered. in reality, it is stamped on. there is a tiny bit of embroidery and a few sequins, but overall, the design is just printed on the fabric. i didn't feel it looked good, in fact it looked kind of cheap to me, so i returned it. the overall style of the jacket was great and it would have looked equally good for work or casual. i was disappointed it didn't work out."	0
"The cut is small. i am 5'9"", 150 lbs and usually wear 6-8/medium pants. medium in these is too fitted on my hips and rear.the polyester will be hot in summer. returning for another brand."	0
"I'm a fan of yumi kim dresses and consistently wear size small. so, i ordered this in a small, and the top was a little loose, but it was way too short. there's no way i would feel comfortable wearing this in public. i'm 5'7"", and the hem was higher than mid-thigh on me. the waist is also billowy and has no defined shape."	0
I purchased these pants on 12/2/15 as a more fashionable alternative to yoga pants while traveling southeast asia starting february. after about 10-15 wears (with little washing in between as i was backpacker style traveling) the pants wore through in between my legs. the fabric first started to develop little fuzz balls everywhere and then literally disintegrated in places. i tried to sew them to continue wearing them while traveling but alas the fabric had become so thin that the thread could	0
Top is completely see through. i cant imagine if it were to get wet what it would look like. it is a cute design but not practical at all.	0
"I agree with the other two reviews that this shirt runs large, or something? ! i ordered an xs, my usual size, xs-s. the body of the shirt is very loose, the upper arms are a bit snug, and i don't have large arms. the shoulder seams are in a very strange place, but when you look at the model, it doesn't look so bad. with the shirt i received, and another reviewer, the seam was puffy, making for a strange look. in theory, the shirt should have worked, but didn't. i loved the pattern, not the fit."	0
I had high hopes for this cute top but it runs very short. it is not as long as it appears on the model so it looked odd when i put it on. unfortunately it had to go back. bummer cuz it was very cute in the pix!	0
"I loved the look of this sweater on-line, but it just didn't work for me. the fit wasn't good enough. the style okay. the color fine. the feel, scratchy. overall, it did not work for my body."	0
"I really wanted to love this shirt. the snowflake and stripe design is really cute, and the fabric is of nice quality. it's a very loose fit, which i would've been willing to work with, but... as mentioned in previous reviews, the shoulder seam rests in an odd place on your upper arm, and there are little bumps in the fabric on the arms that appear similar to what happens if you leave a shirt on a wire hanger too long. it looks like you have nubby little wings coming out of your arms. not attrac"	0
"Agree with above review. these are described totally wrong. they are not 8.5 rise. they are very high rise, so much that i didnt even try them on...the color isnt good either, it looks like a cheap levi's color or just not a quality denim. if you like high rise, you might like them. i can't comment on fit.."	0
I made the mistake of ordering without checking the reviews. cute design but not as comfy as it looks. returned immediately.	0
This top runs huge. not only in the torso/chest area but the sleeves on this were enormous and the shoulder area was very puffy. i am normally between a m-l but would have to get a small or extra small to make it work.	0
"The review above titled ""so disappointed"" couldn't have said it any better. the dresses from last year are perfect. i probably wear them at least once a week. i was so excited to see this vibrant blue color and fully expected the same quality as last year. i'm generally an xs or s in dresses (however i have xxs from last year's version), and the xs in this one is lifeless. it's heavy, hot, doesn't have the same nice shape as last year. i may cut out the integrated lining just to lighten the dres"	0
Was so excited to get this dress because i thought it was cute and i love flowy and big dresses - however this looks huge. the material is not soft so it doesn't fall well. it just stays proofed out so from the back you look like a giant!!	0
"I was a huge fan of these lovely swing dresses from last year and bought all 3 colors. when i saw this new one, i was thrilled and ordered it immediately. what a disappointment! why did isabella sinclair mess with a good thing? the fabric is a very loose weave sort of ""homespun"" look, which wouldn't be a deal breaker, but i could see it would be very vulnerable to snags. last year's styles had a removable light knit full slip that allowed the airy fabrics to move. this version is fully lined. yo"	0
"This dress is huge. i am normally a l-xl regular in retailer brands. i love a loose, flowy dress. after trying one on in the store (just a random returned petite xl) i ordered the petite medium. and it was still huge and not flattering. so sad. i wanted to love this- loved the material and colors, but way off."	0
The yellow is not as bright as the pic and the tee shirt base color is more off white/oatmeal making the shirt look much more drab in person than in the pics. fit was ok but nothing special about this and will be returning.	0
I ordered this in blue and the color is absolutely gorgeous! i really loved it until i put it on. wow it was bad. i ordered a small--normally a sm/med due to bust but this was so wide and had so much material. it wasn't long but rather incredibly boxy. one of the most unflattering things i've ever tried at retailer.	0
"I really fell in love with this shirt. i am about 5 4 and 110 pounds. i ordered xxs which that was a good size from the chest but this shirt is literally so wide, i was ready to fly. although the model wears this shirt really nicely, i think this shirt is made for a certain type of body. not quite sure what that is.... also this shirt is shorter than what i expected. it looks a lot longer on the model. i had to return this shirt."	0
"I gulped when i put this in my bag during retailer days because the price was still too much but thought this has to be wonderful to charge so much, right? boy was i wrong. this is a sweater knit with a very deep v-neck that's incredibly boxy and unattractive. the knit shed all over my pants in the few minutes i had it on. i ordered in xl, having never tried this designer and that was a mistake because i generally wear large or medium. it was swimming on me. the stripes aren't as cute in real life"	0
"I had such high hopes for this top! the colors! the peplum! the ruffles! the price point! the fit was terrible, unflattering, and laughable! please try again with this one, retailer. you could have a real winner with a little tweaking!"	0
C'mon. the accent is wrong! a simple google search would prevent this.	0
It fits super baggy everywhere and looked sloppy on me.	0
"I noticed this top on one of the sales associates, and it looked great. she's probably 230lbs and about 5'5.  tried it on and it looked horrible, i even tried sizing down twice. i'm 5'8"" and the ruffles started right under my chest. i gave 2 stars bc of the material, it is light, and summery."	0
This shirt runs gigantic and it's not even cute. i.'m done buying retailer online.	0
I own many blouses by tiny. the arms on this blouse billow out which was not flattering or thinning on me. the shirt was just blah.	0
"I really wanted to love these because i love my other steps, but they did not feel or fit the same way at all. i was also disappointed to see that they are cream and not white. these jeans feel stiffer than other stets i own and the waist was huge on me. sadly, these will be going back."	0
"Ugh, the fit of this dress is terrible :/ what a beautiful dress though -- the material and the colors -- had so much potential. but, the fit is awful -- i ordered by regular size and the top was more or less ok, if not a tad big, but hip down was crazy tight that i couldn't even zip it without a ton of effort. i don't think sizing up will help because then the top will be even bigger. disappointing."	0
I own 4-5 other cloth and stone tops and always love the softness of the material. this one missed the mark. not soft and very thick. not what i was expecting.	0
"I loved the design of this blouse and ordered it the first day it was available. unfortunately, i was disappointed on arrival. besides being more muted color-wise, the sizing is way off. i ordered the xxsp and it was huge on me. on the model, it looks like it skims the body, when in reality, it falls like a tent. i tried tucking it into a skirt, but there was just too much fabric.  though the neck worked for me, i can see how it might be too small for some people as it is very narrow. also, it"	0
"I'm not sure what it is with ag. i own at least a dozen pairs of their jeans, in blue, black and white denim. i wish i could say they're all great, but unfortunately there's a big variation in how they wash, depending on the fabric content. i just purchased these because i love the lighter wash for spring, but after washing them once i can see they won't be a favorite pair. even with cold water and hanging them to dry, the fabric bunches weirdly and the shape of the leg changes. at this price po"	0
Nice and colorful dress but runs very oversized. material mutes the colors not as vibrant in person.	0
"I was so excited to buy this coat, since i missed out on buying the last one. i snagged it quickly before heading out on a trip because this is the perfect plane jacket (i've borrowed my friends). i immediately noticed that the fabric was lighter and softer than the original, and after a few days noticed a lot of pilling on the coat, and a snag on the seam of the shoulder where the arm connects to the body. it's disappointing considering the price you pay. i would return if it still had tags on."	0
"I love relaxed-fit wide leg pants with some pockets and draw string, so naturally i was super excited to see these. i got them in gray and they felt and looked perfect right out of the bag, material was soft and flowy but not too thin. unfortunately the sizing is completely off unless i got a defective pair, i got my usual size l and they felt like s or smaller, i barely could get them on and i could not zip up. i'd need at least two sizes larger for them to fit at all. very disappointed, will l"	0
"This jacket is so cute and fits perfect and i love the motif. however, it deposited black linty particle all over my pants and top and the fabric was already pilling just from being on the hanger in the store. this piece will look bad/worn/old in a very short period of time. it's a big shame, because it's so perfect in every other way. i choose not to buy it. it's very expensive for the quality."	0
For those who are wondering this sweater coat is 50% lambswool and 50% acrylic. the original version of this coat was 100% lambswool. 50% acrylic yet the price remained the same???i would have payed more money to have this sweater coat made in 100% lambswool like the original version. this is another example of declining quality and a high price tag for synthetic materials.	0
"I read the existing reviews, before purchasing, and a few mentioned that this sweater ran large. this has been my experience with most tops i have purchased from retailer. i figured by ordering a medium, i would receive a slightly loose to moderately loose fitting sweater. this was not the case! the sweater is short, does not look anything like it does when you view the model from behind (and i assume the model is taller than i...as models are usually tall). for reference, i am 5'6'', medium build"	0
This had a cute design but an unflattering fit for me.  it was boxy and made my boobs look droopy.	0
"I thought this was adorable on the model, but not so much on me. i actually didn't mind it when i tried it on with a long cardigan, but i didn't want to keep it for 1 look. the material felt inexpensive. the shape was very unflattering for an average sized women like myself. i'm 5'8"" and about 160 lbs."	0
"I was so excited to get this in the mail, and so disappointed when i put it on. it had a nice feel to it and fit well when i zipped it up, but i don't really know how to adequately describe what it looked like when i glanced in the mirror - lumpiness along the seams? i don't know if it was a manufacturing flaw or not, but it gave me lumpy-looking hips and then kind of clung around my mid-thigh area. returned it the next day."	0
On my screen this looked like burnt oranges were mixed with pink but this was all pink & very washed put pinks - looked awful on me as brunette. maybe will work for someone who likes pastels. overall style was also disappointing- just hung. this went back.	0
"This blazer looks great on the model and i have a long torso so i thought it would be perfect. when i got it it looked like a big box and didn't fit anywhere. the shoulder pads were giant and the bottom of the coat was huge. i got a small based on other reviews, but it was way too big. sadly, i had to return it."	0
"Looks great on the picture but when it arrived it was a great disappointment, both the colors and style. the material seems great quality but it's stiff and scratchy, the style is very boxy, and as another reviewer said, just hung. i'm a brunette and the colors looked terrible on me. back it goes."	0
"I love how these jeans look on. tts, adorable. i exchanged my first pair due to stitching coming out in the back right pocket. pair #2 -the stitching came out in the exact same place. this seems to be a problem with the quality/sewing. the fact that the stitching is gold and decorative as well as functional means it will keep unraveling until the jeans are ruined. 2nd pair has to go back. too bad."	0
I'm very disappointed in the quality. it seems more like a pajama than a tunic. definitely not worth 100.00 dollars. i plan to return it.	0
The material that was used to make this top is very thin and poor quality. it feels like the type of material that will disintegrate after one wash. i normally wear an xl and this top is huge and not flattering. returning asap.	0
"I ordered a small, which is my usual retailer size, but this was like a tent on me. it's fine if you like things super super blousey but that wasn't what i was looking for. also it is very long, a very weird amount of long. also there is only eyelet on the front. the whole back of the shirt is just plain fabric. i like the idea of this shirt but all in all it was very disappointing."	0
"The catalog shot and model shot are completely different. it's like not even the same dress. the neckline, color, the quality of lace"	0
I really liked the style and fit of this shirt but i'm giving it a 2 because i shirt should last longer than 6 months. i've taken it to the cleaners 2 times and the fabric behind the tag beneath the collar has fallen apart and there are holes.	0
"Detailed beading was beautiful. it's too boxy, way to much fabric in the waist/bust and tight on the hips. it doesn't fall boxy/boyfriend like. the grey fabric is not soft and is lighter in color than the picture. was hoping this would be my go to sweater for warmth on casual days-bummed."	0
I recently purchased this blouse on their 40% off sale in white. i was hoping for a crisp white structured blouse. i did read all the reviews and thought i would give it a try anyway. it is awful. there is no structure or shape but the quality is the reason i am returning. it feels like a napkin or thinner. not even worth the extra sale price. i will be returning.	0
Bought this cami/tank on sale which i'm glad but it has a flap underneath like a bralette but not fitted..it kinda just drapes under the cami...the problem is it's not thick enough to offer the coverage you would want under a white tank ...but it was also too short so it caused a visible line underneath that showed through.that was higher than the bottom of my chest ..so it gave the appearance that i wore the wrong bra/undergarment...it simply looks awkward ...not sure if it would've been better	0
"Got this in purple and love it! ordered red and silver and only received red so far, but had to return because it was oddly shaped and didn't fit well like the purple. not sure what happens. maybe miss sized?"	0
"I tried this on at my local store. i love the look and the color of the blue tank and wanted very much to like it. alas, it was not to be. the material is super thin (almost see-through) and it is of poor quality. i did not buy it."	0
"Don't even waste your money, even on sale.  bought three in different colors because i loved the loose fit and airyness for hot southern summers. unfortunately, one of them ripped in the first wash. i let it air dry and thats when i found multiple runs and a hole that i could put my finger through. one of the other colors was fine, yet still pilled pretty bad. the third one still has the tag. keeping the one that survived the wash because i like the color - but will only be using it as a knock"	0
"Crew stripe sheath fitted very well until i turned around. the waist section, where the stripes wrap around the waist had extra fabric and didn't lay well. i am 5'4"", 120 lbs, 32c, 26"" waist, and 32"" hip usually wear a 0 or extra small in the maeve clothing that isn't a fitted style. i bought the s, which fit well except for the waist issue described above. this is a fitted dress. i hope this is just an issue with the dress i received. it is a great style idea."	0
The material is thin and of poor quality.  it snagged the first time i wore it. the arm holes are very low as other reviewers stated.	0
"I bought this top in two colors--i think it's a really cute, easy top to wear, but the fabric is extremely thin and poor quality. i tucked the front into a pair of shorts and i can already see a small snag forming, which i'm sure will be a hole in no time. two stars only because i really do like the look of the top generally, i just wish it was something that was going to last beyond a couple of wears."	0
"Is gigantic-it could be so cute, but the neckline and armholes are ridiculously low. i am 5 feet 10 and 140 pounds, and a small was huge on me."	0
Usually an retailer dress in a large fits me perfectly however not this one. i am larger busted and this dress was way too tight on top. possibly better on smaller chests. the dress is cute and the rest of the fit was good. not for me could barely pull it down over the boobs. going back :(	0
"I just returned this top. i agree with the previous reviewer. the neckline is way too deep, i ordered small and i looked ridiculous in it. also the ruffles didn't look so great on me either."	0
The fit of this sweater did not flatter my body-type. the top half did not fit well; the armpit area was loose fitting and the neckline was awkward.	0
I ordered the shirt bc it looked soo cute despite the fact many said this shirt was see thru. it's true.. had to return it	0
"The shirt is cute, but there is no way that the length posted on the website is correct--it's a crop top. this was returned."	0
"This top is a joke unless you are really into expensive clown wear. i thought this looked whimsical, fun and a well-designed piece when i saw it on line--especially at this high price. i started to laugh before i even pulled the entire top of out the bag when i got it in the mail today. it is not expensive looking at all, and the pom poms look like a sad craft project rather than a special detail. it is a bit juvenile too. even if you wore it and were going for ""ironic"", it would be difficult to"	0
"I read all the reviews about the fabric being see through, but liked the dress enough to give it a shot. it is soooo see through. this trally could only be worn on a beach. very disappointed."	0
"The blouse is lovely - but after washing it exactly as specified, it shrank more than a full size. this is an expensive hand-me-down for my daughter..."	0
"I was really eager to receive this sweater, i was expecting the same as in the picture. i received it today and i am already returning it. first of all the sweater didn't look new, it is mostly shapeless, it has little balls and piling on the wool (what happens after wearing a sweater for a few months) and the metallic color makes it look cheap. in the knitting itself there are missing points and there are actual holes in some places. it is a beautiful design but other than that not even the col"	0
The style was really cute but the fit was huge. i ordered an xs. i don't think going to the xxs would have helped. i ended up returning it.	0
I wore this suit for the first time yesterday and the black inner lining is leaking and causing stains on the white sections. seriously bummed as this is a super lovely suit.	0
I was surprised retailer decided to ship this sweater. the sweater looks like it's falling apart and it is huge. i would not recommend this even at a clearance price.	0
Colors and patterns of this dress are beautiful and that's where it ends. cheap flimsy polyester and no lining. far too expensive for what it is. on me it bulked out in my chest area and did not look so great. i would say it runs a tad big but in my case ( i have wide shoulders) not big enough to downsize. too bad because i really love the colors and idea of this dress.	0
Looked really cute on line. arrived with a large hole in the front! quality and look was very cheap!!! would not recommend this sweater at all. step it up please retailer!	0
This picture does not represent these jeans .. the color is way off. they are more yellow toned and look much more worn than in the picture. they also run very small.	0
"I usually like coats and wraps with high-waisted belts, but this way too high, and the fit was really unflattering. i can see it being chic on a tall, slender person, but it's definitely not right for my short, curvy body. returning it today."	0
"How cute was this little sweater and comfortable even in the south .... until i washed it! i followed the instructions on the label being careful not to wring it out. first of all, the smell was unbelievable! i washed it three days ago and it is still wet and damp and on top of that, it shrunk. even though i handwashed it, line dried it and pampered it to no end!"	0
Sooo disappointed with how flimsy this fabric is. i think this is the thinnest of all clothing items i have ever come across anywhere in my life. this is really a shame because the colors are stunning and it is a nice shirt style. another con is if you have any bit of back fat it shows every lump and bump . i do not recommend unless you have a lean back and the cost was $5.00!!!	0
Purchased this in two colors online. purchased in an xs - i am usually a s or xs. the fit was really large in the xs and the seam on the front of the top was in the wrong place and was really unflattering. returning both.	0
"I want to like this top because the idea is cute but i ordered the small and it might have well been xxxl.  with sizing like this, one size fits all could just about do it."	0
"I bought this outfit online on sale - so i only paid $70, but i think if i saw it in person first, i probably wouldn't have purchased it. while the design is cute, the fabric is beyond cheap. it's not just polyester - it's like a plastic polyester. i think if you dress it up with high heels, necklace, armful of bangles, you can probably distract from the fabric.   5'5"", 120lb, purchased xs and it's a little big still."	0
"I buy almost ever top tiny puts out and so i grabbed this one in the last tops sale since i'm a sucker for embroidered flowers. everything about it is gorgeous except it is so flimsy i can't even believe it. like when i held it up in the dressing room, i could see through the entire shirt, front to back, before even putting it on. once on, i could see everything through it. i actually thought i was going to tear the thing to pieces trying it on, it's so frail. i own so many tiny shirts and while"	0
"Cute in theory, i love the bright colors, the tied black collar sash and the 70's vibe, however, the fabric is cheap, and the worst part in my view is that the seams that run along the front center of the shirt do not align the pattern. maybe this was intentional, but with the shirt i received, it looked horrible. i sent it back. i notice in the picture that the black ties are strategically placed over the center front seam, so it is a bit deceiving. i wouldn't buy this top at any price based on"	0
I saw tons of people raving about this piece so i had to check it out for myself. i love the vibrant colors and the design and while the fabric is delicate it feels amazing and light. i sadly had to leave it as the store as i am a girl with a larger chest and big hips. i looked huge and it was not flattering to my shape. if this dress came in a maxi with a high waist like i would be all over it. it is beautiful.	0
The title says it all. looks very pretty online though.	0
"Let me start off by saying how pretty this top is, and heavy,.and itchy!  you would have to stand like the model does in the first shot to wear the top (with your arms not touching any part of the top!  the sequins will itch if you put your arms down (underneath the armhole).  another reason i didn't like the top was because the should straps are unadjustable.  i would have to get mine tailored for my 5'2"" frame.  i usually wear a medium or 6/8 in tops and ordered this in a medium, it was roomy."	0
"Like other reviewers, i saw this dress on the cover of the catalog and knew i had to have it! well, i am very disappointed. the colors aren't as rich as the outdoor photo, although they're brighter than shown in the studio photos. this is just not a flattering dress. i've put it on three times and taken it back off. the neck is too high, the sleeves are too narrow (and i have really skinny arms), and there's no ""swing"" to it. i am 5'4"" and weigh 120 pounds and bought a size small, which is what"	0
"I bought this dress because i saw it in stores when it first came to retailer. it was stunning. the colors were vivid and the beading was intricate. i regretted not purchasing it immediately.    fast forward to today... the dress i received was not the one that was originally in stores. the fabric was different, there was hardly any beading, and the colors were washed out and dull.   i read previous reviews saying that the dress was more like the studio pictures than the original promo. but t"	0
"This top is very beautiful and the color is a dream, but wow is it short! i'm 5'8"" and it barely hit the top of the waistband on my jeans. the fabric is oddly heavy and not light and airy like i expected. it seemed like an odd choice for a blouse.   because of the seaming and gathered fabric at the top of this shirt, i wouldn't recommend this to women who are busty/curvy on top. it made my chest look huge! this styling may work for petite ladies, but tall & curvy ladies beware."	0
"I loved this dress online and was luckily able to locate it in a store about an hour away from me. i drove to the store to purchase it; however, when i tried it on, i was so disappointed! the print is adorable and it is made of great quality, but the swing style is definitely more than mini! i could have fit 3 of myself in this dress. it is definitely not as depicted in the photographs. also, the background of the dress is way more pink than appears in the photos, and the floral print isn't as r"	0
"I really wanted to love this dress. it is absolutely beautiful - the color, design and details. however, whether it is the high neckline or the sleeves, it did nothing for me and made me look kinda frumpy. though i am slender, i have a chest. maybe that was the problem."	0
"Had to return this for a couple of reasons: 1) was too small! it's made like one of those tiny mittens that stretches to fit any size hand. i didn't bother to order a size up because i wasn't sure whether to go from a small to a medium or to a large. 2) the main color isn't grey, like the picture. it's a black and white checkered pattern. so, it doesn't look at all grey irl.  i'm still recommending because, if you get the right size, and like the colors, it will be a nice, light and comfy swea"	0
"I absolutely fell in love with these comfy palazzo pants and imagined that i'd be wearing them all summer long. they fit beautifully, were true to size, and seemed to go with every top i owned. unfortunately, on the second wear, the inseam completely unraveled, leaving a foot-long gaping hole in the leg. i also noticed some stray threads along the other seams, so i'm not thrilled with the quality. it seems like they were poorly manufactured. i'm not sure if i just purchased a faulty pair or if t"	0
This dress is thin and completely see through. it is definitely not worth the price tag. would be really cute in a thicker material.	0
"I don't know who this would fit. looks so cute on the model and i thought this was going to be the perfect between season dress . . . but just looked like a sack! i think the ""knit"" must have stretched into an unnatural shape - especially the arms!"	0
"The color of the sweater is beautiful, but the fit was awful. it was too ""swingy"" and made me look like i gained 10lbs instantly, (i'm 5'1"", 108lbs). i will be unfortunately returning this item."	0
"The tank looks nothing like the one pictured, mainly because it's tissue-paper thin. also, i ordered it in two sizes - xs and s as it can be hard to tell which one will fit. i started with the xs and quickly discovered that it ran large. the armholes hit halfway to my waist. obviously i didn't even bother opening the size s. both will be returned."	0
I ordered two sizes. when the package came i was skeptical as it was very light and thin. both shirts were in the bag. the style is just okay. the shirt is extremely light weight. i was not impressed with the fabric. i am returning both. definitely did not think it was worth the price.	0
When i saw the dress i loved everything about it except the arms made me a little nervous. i ordered it when it went on sale and it turns it the arms are worse then i thought they would be. they are like my grandmother crochet it and accidentally attached my child's dress arms on my dress.	0
"I wanted to love this sweater. the lavender color and design with the pleated back was beautiful. however when i put it on, it added at least 20 pounds to my frame. unfortunately it's going back since the cut just doesn't work on my frame."	0
"This is a great top but it is really big. i have a similar top from the same brand and the size small fits as expected. this top is easily 2 inches wider everywhere. i would love to exchange it for an extra small, but am afraid that even that size would be too large. the blue pattern is beautiful and the fabric is light and airy, which is perfect for warm days, but the size issue is out of control!"	0
"The skirt is just okay. the design is great but the material is extremely thin and see through. there is a slip which goes to mid-thigh- very strange and felt weird as well. the pleats are okay but not great. overall, it is not worth paying full price for or anywhere near that. and again, be wary of it being see through."	0
"I typically wear a size 16/xl in anything from retailer and i ordered this top in an xl. it's more of a t-shirt with buttons than a blouse and it was overall too huge. it's nice to have extended size options but even if i went down to a size l, this would have looked like a maternity top on me."	0
"In a word .. clingy ... and not in good way. long so you need it to flow not cling. liked the back, but front was just too clingy. back it goes."	0
"I ordered this in cream during the 25% sale. i had seen one at the store and thought it was very pretty, but it was not my size, so i didn't try it on. when it arrived, it was a wrinkled mess. it was so wrinkled that i don't think i would be able to iron it satisfactorily. i was also disappointed in the fabric of the dress layer. it almost looked flocked and i wonder if something is wrong with this dress in particular. it was also way too short for me. i'll be taking it back very soon. i do plan"	0
"I was so bummed by this dress! i had high hopes when i ordered it, but was surprised by the poor quality and cheap materials when it arrived. the body of the dress is unlined fleece material -- it reminded me of material that they make cheap halloween costumes out of. i found the fit baggy and unflattering.  the ""shawl"" portion is only attached at the very top of the shoulders,  very disappointed. i already returned this."	0
"I really did. here's why i just couldn't: the lace strips make it look cheap. the fabric is soft, , but the pattern is undistinguished.  the fit is very disappointing--medium looked square and boxy, the large was massive and in both sizes the v-neck was too low to wear without a camisole underneath....which defeated the purpose."	0
"And this one proved to be no different. the short end of it; this dress is pretty much super thick, heavy linen with a rope like collar (the supposed embroidery you see), and there is no lining, but completely unnecessary pockets. i'm typically a 2 or 4 depending on the designer (5'7 & a super fit 135 lbs) and knew enough to order an xs in this, however it still fit like a potato sack. even upon taking it out of the plastic bag, i knew it was going back. between the unrealistic pictures and lack"	0
"This dress turned out to be a huge disappointment!!! i was in loveee with the picture! in real life, not so much. the material felt thin and cheap! and the yellow was super yellow! nothing like the picture. i was so bummed! returned it earlier today..."	0
I purchased this dress for my graduation. the colors are much more intense and bright then they appear online. i'm kind of concerned that i look like a carnival tent. i like the style but the fabric feels cheap for the cost of the dress. the fabric is 100% synthetic.the fit is great. the dress is true to size	0
"I had hoped this bulky knit would be cuddly and soft, with suri (a type of alpaca) in the title. i don't know if the blend (45% polyamide, 25% royal baby alpaca, 20% fine merino) threw it, but had i felt this in store, i would never have even picked it up. unimpressed."	0
"I love the color block concept but this top was way too boxy. the shirt was pretty much square. and the top was super itchy, too. looks so cute online but no-go in person."	0
"I had high hopes with the other positive reviews, but it didn't work on me. nice stretchy fabric and nice length but it was bunchy in the front and didn't lay well, and didn't do my bust any favors. maybe better on those less pear shaped. hopeless on me."	0
"This top is absolutely gorgeous, but i followed the care tag to a t and it completely fell apart in the wash. will be returning."	0
"This looked so odd on me! i decided to give it to someone with a different body type and she found it really odd too. the sleeve are a bit too long to be short and they are tight at the bottom. the top is really large, as to be unflattering. perhaps it's just that it doesn't work on someone who is petite, but this one is a return."	0
"I would have loved this sweater if it were true to the picture but the stripes are gray, not white. either i got a strange one or (as happens to me sometimes with retailer) the pictures are very misleading. disappointed because i wanted to love this."	0
"This one will be going back. the color is really blah and the fabric wasn't a texture i was expecting--it is kind of thick and ribbed and i suspect it would stretch out over the course of the day. overall, the cut and style is cute, but i just felt like i was wearing a hospital gown with the combination of the fabric and the style. this may have been cute in a more vibrant color and lighter weight fabric."	0
"I so wanted to love this suit. it was gorgeous - the color, the quality, the style, but i am returning and can not recommend it. the sides need to be connected just a little bit higher and i think it would work, but there is no way you could move around in this without things popping out in front. i mean it would be gorgeous to just lay there in the sun, but i didn't feel like i could even walk safely, and i am not well-endowed. very bummed but it's going back."	0
"I didn't really understand the other reviews until i received mine in the mail. i love cloth & stone and this is just not up to their normal quality. i bought the blue and yellow colors of this blouse. it's very soft, but the blue already had strings coming from under the arms and i hadn't even tried them on yet. material is super soft, but thin. cut is weird under the arms and tight. sleeves are also tight! i am usually an xs or s in cloth & stone so i ordered smalls. i just fit the arms, but t"	0
Fabric much heavier than looks in picture. also nothing mentioned in the description. great color and fit but i live in florida.	0
"This shirt was a cute print, but it was too boxy and hit too short on the thigh. i considered having it taken in the waist but ultimately decided it wasn't worth paying the extra $ on top of the $88"	0
Tried this on in store. was ill-fitting and sheer.	0
"I agree with the previous reviewer that the fabric and details are beautiful, but with the shirring from the neckline and absolutely no fitting anywhere, my shape got totally lost and i looked huge. the difference in length of the dress and slip really bothered me, as well. possibly great for pregnancy, because you look like your about 8 1/2 months anyway."	0
I really wanted to like this top but unfortunately it was short and the sleeves were just too puffy. it did not look flattering and will be going back.	0
"I have loved the pilcrow hyphen chinos, and have purchased many pairs. however, the last 3 pairs i've ordered are all a different cut now. they are no longer the chino i loved, although they have the exact same name. they are now ""boy cut"", and are much more narrow through the hips and thighs. nowhere on the description does it say ""boy cut"". it's not until the package arrives in the mail that i'm saddened to find this changed product with the same number. it really should say this int he descri"	0
"I bought these in the mustard color and the salmon color.  i didn't have a problem with general fading, but used natural, mild stain remover (biokleen) and the pants were ruined. one faded where i sprayed and the other has a permanent water mark.  cold wash and line dried. such a bummer that these pants aren't every day wearable and washable!"	0
"This dress ran large--maybe because the pleats made this dress too roomy. the dress hung on my right shoulder but the dress did not hold up at all on the left side of my body, maybe because i have a short torso/petite frame. i loved the yellow color for summer--it would have made for a nice dress to wear for a wedding. unfortunately, i had to return it."	0
"When i tried these on in the store i was thrilled - they were comfy as yoga pants and  the fit was divine. i thought i had found the perfect jeans and i splurged on them for my birthday. after wearing just two times they are baggy and the knees are totally bagged out, saggy and faded. so disappointing - i want my $180 back!"	0
"This top looks great on the model -- a petite frame, small-busted body.  i am 5'2"" and have a large bust and curvy hips. this top hit in all the wrong places. the front looks very cropped and frumpy, if you have a large bust. the width of the top of very boxy.  the top is very soft and comfortable and the color is pretty."	0
"I really wished i had heeded the other reviews of this ""dress"". it is so ridiculously oversized i cannot imagine who this possibly would look good on. i ordered the sm/med and when i took it out of the package i thought i had accidentally been sent a bed sheet and said ""are you kidding me?!""  by the time you cinch the neckline so the fabric is somewhat close to your body the neckline is almost to your waist and you look 50 lbs heavier. horrible design retailer. i don't know which dress the"	0
I was so looking forward to an awesome maxi dress.  this was not it.  completely see through.  i guess you could wear it as a bathing suit cover up.  but be prepared to knot the length or you will trip.  its an odd design. absolutely not worth the price.  i purchased the sm/md and i could have for two of me in the dress. returned this piece without looking back	0
You can adjust this dress a bit with the straps but it's huge! the colors were also a bit grayish which i didn't expect.	0
"The dress is very pretty, but the sequins are dark blue! i imagined they would be silver/gold, given the photo, but the dress is essentially light pink and blue."	0
It's not a bad concept but i wished for more. i wish this tunic was a: different material as it was wrinkley and drop-waist design instead of at the waist. too bad. i wanted to love it but it will go back.	0
"I bought this dress for a holiday party, and the sequins on the dress were so much more blue that what it looks like in the photo. i still liked it, but when i went to try it on, it was just not working. i thought this was more of a loosely fitted look, but the upper bodice and waist seam are very tightly fitted. i would recommend sizing up, but be aware that the top straps (shoulder to breast) are too loose to begin with, so they may sag.  overall, i wouldn't recommend this dress for the curren"	0
"This top is exactly what i was hoping for except it is missing the drawstring. so disappointing, mailing it back."	0
I was very surprised to see such dark blue sequence on this dress. it did not appear as it did on the photo. i was pretty disappointed by the color. the photo of the dress is much more impressive.	0
Cute sweater. snap was broken when i received it. and i looked for it at local stores and they are all out of stock. ugh!	0
"Got this in wine, very pretty and soft. but so sheer, even with the dark color one would have to wear a cami. returning for this reason. having to wear a cami wrecks the otw ultra-comfort."	0
Fabric is not as rich as shown in photo. dress much shorter than shown in photo. shoulder area is tight and really doesn't blend with the material below. this isn't going to work on very many people - pear shape...just not what i've come to expect from retailer.	0
"In the words of my husband, ""looks like you're wearing a bag."" i'm althetic and short. maybe this works best on tall and very slim?"	0
This sweater looks great in the picture but when it came in the mail turned out to be enormous. i tried it with a belt on like in the picture but that just made the whole sweater bunch up everywhere. the quality is nice. maybe sizing down would help. but the medium/large is going back. i am normally a medium.	0
"This is a problem i have had with the pilcro hyphen cargos with the color dye. the dyes in these pants are the same thing. i wore the purple color and washed in cold, gentle, cycle and they were stained/   i will return these -it's too bad because they were pretty comfortable and flattering pants."	0
"The bottom part of this romper is easy to put on, but the top is very poorly designed. it needs a zipper at the side or less of a yoke along the back. you have to wrangle your limbs in somehow and i was afraid it might tear. once i got it on, it fit perfectly though. getting out of it was a disaster. i had to ask a saleswoman for help and was so afraid it might rip. overall, i was crushed that it didn't work out because the print is super cute and it is very flattering."	0
"I'm so bummed! i absolutely loved the pair of these i bought in the bronze color great fit, great color, so comfortable! however, i just washed them and could tell right away when i laid them flat to dry that they had lost color in areas where they had wrinkled in the wash machine. so, now they have strange lighter lines running along them. not acceptable.   i will say that the two lighter colors may not have this issue. for reference, see my stats. i bought a 26."	0
"I loved the dress, but just not dressy enough after rethinking what i needed. very easy order and return. thanks!"	0
"The picture makes the shorts look structured. i assumed they were made of a heavier cotton material. i was disappointed when they turned out to be a light weight polyester.   also, this runs way too big. i am busty and did not fill out the top of the xs.  i wouldn't even buy this at the sale price."	0
"I bought the bronze color which was nice but the cut just hung like a dust rag, no fit , no drape very unfinished looking. though i bought it on sale on sale, it is not worth keeping. over all it was not a worthwhile blouse to keep."	0
"Don't be fooled by the image; unless you have a c/d chest, this romper has masses of draped fabric right around your middle--exactly where you want it least! very unflattering and rather expensive for the poor quality. back it goes!"	0
The shirt cuts too high up and is very awkward looking on. sent it back. wouldn't buy even on sale.	0
"I was disappointed when i got this romper in the mail. the picture looks much cuter than in person. although it's true to size, it looks pretty baggy on. also, i thought the grey (top) and blue (bottom) were too similarly colored; more contrast would have been nice. i'm returning this item."	0
"This shirt was on sale, and it was a good price. that is where the goods ended... the shirt was not flattering. i sent it back asap!"	0
"The design is beautiful but it was thick and too warm for a summer event i was planning on wearing it to. also, the seam below the chest was uncomfortable. needed to return"	0
Really unattractive shirt. nothing good i can say about it. horrible fit. i can't imagine this would look good on anyone.	0
"I finally ordered a pair of these jeans after seeing so many rave reviews, and when they went on sale. i'm leaving this review for women who share my body type.  i'm slim with longer legs, and don't really have curves. i typically don't purchase jeans with an inseam shorter than 30''. for reference, i really love the fit of paige and m.i.h. jeans.  these jeans have an inseam of 31'', which i thought would be fine. but for me, the cut wasn't flattering at all. i typically look for jeans that"	0
"These have a very interesting cut. it seems like they were made for someone extremely tall. i'm about 5'5"" and the size 4 fit in the waist, but fell way below where they do on the model on the picture. it's hard to imagine who they would look good on, they're also very poofy right below the waist."	0
"I really wanted to like these, but they just didn't look right on my 5'3 sorta bulky frame. i have big thighs and always feel out of place wearing leggings, so maybe i'm just not the right target for these, but they looked so cute and i wanted to give them a try. the waist was too high for my liking, and the leg openings were too big and gave me a stumpified look."	0
"I did not like this top at all-but had i looked at the fabric prior to purchasing i would not have. it is polyester-i thought it was cotton so there's the first reason i didn't like it. secondly, there is a piece of fabric behind the laces, presumably for modesty that refuses to lay flat. it wrinkles up behind the lacing, making it appear as if one is wearing an undershirt or cami that is not appropriate for the top. it is too long for me, the top hitting at top of thigh. this top is just reall"	0
"As a tall girl, i was thrilled to see that these pants come in longs! they are amazing for dressing up (or sassing up) and outfit. i anxiously anticipated their arrival and wore them the very first night i bought them. however, as someone previously mentioned the quality is poor. after wearing them to they symphony, the knee tore while i was sitting in my seat! i really don't see a way to avoid this from happening since i had not moved. i'm sooo upset because i absolutely loved these pants!"	0
"I loved these pants the minute i put them on, and was so happy i'd ordered them. but i wore them only 3 times - and only at dinners with friends, not even for full days - and the seams on both legs ripped open! i think the faux leather just isn't equipped to handle the stretch of fitted leggings. i was super-bummed about this, because these pants are so insanely cute. but if they can't hold up to a few casual wears, then there's just no way... thankfully retailer was true to their brilliant custom"	0
I'm 5 feet 120 and hourglass figure. i literally burst out laughing when i opened the package. i ordered my usual small petite. the dress is so short and small you would have to be 4 feet 90 pounds. returning.	0
"So i have had to return this once so far because the stitching ripped out when i sat down. the little slip thing that goes underneath if cheaply made. i really wish this were just lined dress. i wear it with a blank tank top and leggings underneath. not worth the money, but i needed something to wear that was transitional."	0
"I fell in love with this dress but when i received it in the mail, i was really surprised to see that unlike the picture online, the slip underneath is a nude color. it fit well and i decided to keep it. i wore it for the first time today and felt great in it. i was driving with my son in the back seat, i turned to hand him something and the entire right side of the dress (where the crocheting is) ripped open!! i cannot believe how poor the quality is at this price!"	0
"I ordered this style in the blue, red, yellow and white for the sale price. they all fit true to size, matching the model's photos. but, the quality is poor. the hems are frayed, they wrinkle easily, they're just a mess. the model's photos show a messy look so you know what you're getting. the positives are the colors. the blue is especially gorgeous. the yellow is like a spicy mustard shade. they are all comfortable. just sloppy looking. the sale price matches the quality. they do stretch out t"	0
"I wanted to like this top, especially because of its comfortable material and color, but the asymmetrical shape didn't hang well on me. it also runs big - i got a small, and although the bodice fit okay, the sleeves were long, and the bottom of the top looked mishaped and dumpy. this top will be going back."	0
"First problem-i would not have ordered this at all had the description been correct. the fabric description is cotton which the dress is most certainly not. secondly, it has a really funky, cheap, unfinished, raw-hemmed slip which is simply not fitting for the dress. the keyhole in the front is super long-again, does not seem to fit the dress. i am not happy with this piece at all but it did fit tts. length is just above knee. i am 5'5"" 142 lbs 34d and the six was a good fit. sending this home t"	0
"Really cute sweater, well made, but so intensely itchy i couldn't keep it on for more than 30 seconds !"	0
"I was really excited about this dress- the style looked like it would be a spring/summer staple in my retailer-heavy wardrobe. i was really surprised when i received it in the mail. the dress is quite thin cotton fabric and feels cheaply made. for the price, i could purchase a much higher quality dress elsewhere that would hold up better. i've been an retailer fan for more than an decade, but this trend of higher prices for lower quality is disappointing and insirpring me to leave a review for the f"	0
"Should have listened 2 a previous review! while this is a very well made garment, it really does remind me of a bathrobe, and will be returning :( too bad because the fabric and stripes are really great. also...this runs very large. the extra small was more like a medium."	0
I wanted to like this one.. really but it was just plain sloppy looking. i returned it.	0
"I loved the fact that this dress is cotton. it is a thin cotton, and you can see in the photos that she is wearing a black slip with a thicker strap. mine came with a nude slip. i'm thinking they all come with a nude slip. i'm not sure why they showed the dress with the black thick strap slip unless it was to show the dress as a thicker cotton than what it actually is. the dress is adorable though which makes it hard for me to decide whether to keep it and hope mine won't tear easily or to retur"	0
"Beautiful color, design and fit.  but i couldn't wait to get it off.  i don't have sensitive skin and don't recall ever putting a jacket on that felt like steel wool."	0
"This looks nothing like it does on the website. it runs small and the colors are so muddy. it doesn't drape nicely and i a musually an xs and this was short, stiff and plain ugly. sent it back immediately."	0
I wanted to love this shirt. it's not my usual style buy it looked so great online. unfortunately the actual shirt is much more brown in color and design than i thought looking online. i'm fair coloring & it just wasn't flattering. i'm thin but have a larger chest and this style just wasn't right for me. could definitely be cute on someone else but not a good match for me.	0
Material is awful. not soft at all. colors are much darker than shows online. it is actually very short not at all as it looks on the model. it went back.	0
"I just can't get past how different the blouse i got is from the photo. mine has dark colors, really dark colors.  this top fits a bit large and the neck is quite wide. i thought it flowed well and fit nicely in my regular size large. i liked the length and the fact that it's shorter than shown. it still covered my bum.  the back has a cute peplum ruffle and there are little bronze colored beads along the bottom edge in both the front and back. i would have kept it had been the blouse shown in t"	0
"I've been shopping at retailer since 2007, and floreat used to be my favorite designer, but for the past year or more, floreat mostly misses the mark. this blouse looks nothing like it does on the model.  1. it is long on her, not so in real life. this is probably the worst part about this blouse. if it were not for this, i might try on a size m and give it another chance. 2. it runs very large. i usually take a l or xl. i think i would need a m in this, as mentioned above. 3. in the picture, t"	0
"I agree with the other reviewers, this top is completely disappointing in every way, i could not believe it was the same top i pulled from the bag. where to begin,....... it runs really big it's short and boxy, not at all like it appears on the model, this must be pinned a lot in this picture. colors are completely dull in person, i really think this picture was lightened a great deal. fabric feels cheap and stiff lining is stuff and poorly sewn. i haven't one positive thing to say about t"	0
"This dress is not flattering. the slip is very small and short and the dress is big and billowy. like the other reviewer said, its more like a tablecloth that you stick your head through. it was really hard to figure out how to cinch in the waist but it didn't help regardless. the length is not accurate either. i would say it's a pretty short dress (mid thigh) but that probably depends on the person. it also makes you look very horizontal. i was really excited about this dress but it's getting r"	0
"What a shame this dress is. i wear xl and am 5'2"", but the dress in the store in the size xs(!!!!!) looked just the right size. yup! xs was just the right size. i can't imagine anyone who wears m or s finding this dress fit flattering. it would look like a sack. it is an inch or two too short in the front for me, so i'll be returning it."	0
"I loved the look of this dress online so i went to retailer to try it on. in the dressing room area we were all laughing because (i tried on a small) when i got it tied to the point where it looked like the model online i couldn't raise my arms. the distance between the cuff and the waist is inches! even if you manage to lift your arms the whole dress will go with it and expose you as much as if you weren't wearing a dress at all but a shirt. too bad. poor design for sure, and such a shame when th"	0
Large and the material is too bulky. i returned it.	0
"This dress looks like it could be cute on but when you put it on its just blah. i saw someone else trying it on in the fitting room and she felt the same. not cute, not flattering, the model photo is deceiving. would not recommend, although it looks airy and comfy."	0
"I'll start by saying, over the years, i get more and more frustrated by the lowered quality of retailer's products. this dress represents all of my frustration. cheap, cheap cheap material. low thread count. elastic!!! around the end of the sleeves that rubs the cheap fabric against your arm. i mean, this dress is a total disaster - and looks nothing like the photograph shown."	0
"I was so excited to receive this dress. i got a petite 4 as i am 5'2"". it was very hard to zip up the side zipper but not impossible. it didn't look good on me. the waist line was a bit too high...maybe a regular would have looked better. also i thought it was a cotton dress but it isn't. also i looked like i was going to a nordic folk festival to do a traditional dance. i had been so excited to receive this but sadly it just didn't work for me and i had to send it back."	0
"I didn't have a problem anticipating the fit of this dress. i felt with the drawstrings on each side i could make it work. i usually take a large and even ordered a medium as i had read all the reviews of it running big. when i got the dress, i was beyond disappointed. it is a heavy, itchy polyester-like fabric, not a thin rayon looking texture like the picture shows. it is also a deep black, not the plum color in 4/5 photos. but most importantly, i am 5'8"" and the dress is very short on me. it'"	0
"I wore this blazer for one day, didn't do anything strenuous, and the fabric started to disintegrate along the back, next to the center seam. it's completely unfixable, since it's not the seam that split but the fabric itself. what a waste of money.  as to the fit, it is a boxy cut through the waist. it looks better unbuttoned than buttoned. the jacket also shows a lot of the shirt you have under it, so it's good over something cute.  or, it would be, if it didn't fall apart."	0
"Loved the look of this shirt online. i tried it on and was sad to see that the frontal view is all wrong. the cool shoulder design is almost too exaggerated (almost looks as if i'm ready for take off!). unfortunately, none of the featured photos on the product page display the frontal view of the model. i really wish the shoulder design was slightly smaller in shape and size - i would have loved it! looks great from the side but sadly i can't walk around like that ;)"	0
"I love this brand, i literally live in their tops.. this one is a bit of a disappointment. it is made out of fabric that feels cheap, reminding me of a tissue tee instead of the normal thicker quality of all their other products. it's very thin, and see through. unless wearing a camisole/slip underneath, you have to have the perfect bra and pants situation going on underneath- no muffin tops or back fat!!i got the black, and am keeping it only because i love the design, need a black top desperat"	0
"I was excited to receive this coat for my annual travel to switzerland but hesitated to order it online without seeing it first due to the price. it arrived last night with the buttons falling off and a large hole in the front pocket. the lining inside is has a very cheap plasticky feel and i can also see small rips possibly forming in the lining. in addition, the collar on the coat is extremely bulky and the shoulders are padded underneath the fur which makes ones shoulders appear like a lineba"	0
I loved these and wore them once (i bought the red ones) and the stained my furniture and my shirt so i washed them a few times in hopes of getting out all the extra dye- ruined yet another chair!!! so annoyed. i loved them but they are not worth it.	0
"These looked really interesting online and with the multicolor stripes i thought it would pair nicely with many tops.   the fabric is nice and sturdy. the colors are more vibrant than online.   the design however is terrible. when i put them on i double checked to make sure they weren't on backwards- the back is flat as a board but the front has these poofy pockets. the poor fit with the bright stripes gives a ""1920s circus diaper"" look which is not good.   they're also really tight compar"	0
"These are terribly unflattering the wash looks dirty and the rise is not 10.5 like the description says, which is the only reason i gambled on these it is 13""."	0
"The design is very flattering and holiday appropriate. but like many maeve dresses it is absurdly overpriced for the cheap materials used. although figure flattering, the zipper is so cheap that --it runs along the left side -- it bubbles out ruining the sleek look of the bodycon dress. and the rough cheap poly is not worth what they're asking for it. maybe find this on the sale rack but not at retail"	0
"Cute, but very itchy! have to wear a long sleeve tee underneath!"	0
"The color is nice and the material is what you might find used by a high school drama club with a low budget - a very cheap polyester. on top of that - it is unhemmed and unfinished in any way - so you can bet, that about the second or third wearing there are going to be runs all through the thing. i've attached a picture of the ""hem"" below. on top of that - the ruching is awkward (as mentioned by another reviewers). all in all - kind of terrible."	0
"Woah, these jeans looked ridiculous on me. i felt as though it was 1987 and i was raiding my mom's closet. the combination of the light wash, the crop leg and high waist with the odd stitching around the midsection make this a no. it really accentuates any pouch you may have. i was looking for a high waisted denim but these are very unflattering. i am 5'3"" / 140 curvy. no, no, no!"	0
"I am 5'3"" and the arms of this sweater run at least 2 inches past my finger tips. if the arms were not quite so rediculously long then i would definitely keep it but unless you are tall, it just doesn't work. also, i felt the length of the waste was a little shorter than what is pictured online. sigh."	0
"This skirt looked absolutely beautiful in store and took my breath away. i immediately headed to the fitting room to try it on, but was disappointed by the awkward ruching. if this skirt has removed that upper portion and kept a normal waistband (thereby also shortening it to knee length), it would have been lovely. it should be noted that this is midi-length, which is awkward on me. i was unable to find a cute way to wear this which is disappointing since it could have been lovely."	0
This was a very odd fitting top. i should have read the description more closely. the colors are beautiful but the cut hit me in all the wrong places.	0
Bought this shirt on-line. wanted to love it but just couldn't. i ordered the xs and it was huge and way too unstructured for my style....just didn't have enough shape. had to send it back.	0
These are way oversized! i have several pairs of pilcro jeans and these run way too large. wasted money on shipping. won't do that again:(	0
"Disappointing, back is yellowish and looks strange. the front view is cute but doesn't match the fabric on the back at all. can't imagine why you would do that?"	0
"When i saw this blouse online i thought it was so cute! i love the floral detail. unfortunately it looks much cuter online than it does in person. it has no shape so it is not flattering to the figure. it might look better tucked in or partially tucked in as shown in the picture, but it did not look good completely tucked out. i was also not a fan of the fabric. in the picture the fabric looks dressier than it is. the front is more polyester and is a little dressier, but not what i envisioned. t"	0
The material is beautiful and high quality however the cut is so awful! it lays very weird near the neck and shoulder area. it kind of forms this square but if you are larger in the bust area it causes the top to slant making it lay awkward.	0
I had my eye on this dress for months. i came into some extra cash and bought it at full price online and picked it up in the store. the purple pattern is nowhere near as soft as pictures. it was very bright which disappointed me. it's also made for more busty women. at a 34d i could in no way fill this dress out. the result made it look so frumpy and unflattering. i felt like an old lady in a bag.	0
"I so wanted to love the striped peplum top, however i have a petite frame with a large chest and there was absolutely no support in the top. not flattering in the least for a d-dd cup. will be returning. i imagine this would be perfect for someone with a frame like mary kate or ashley olsen :)"	0
"I ordered this dress online. the colors are pretty (if you like pastels) and the fit is true to size, however, it fits very much like a maternity dress. for those of you rocking a baby bump, this is a good choice. for others who are not, it's just not flattering. my figure got lost in the dress and the high waist did not look good on me. i returned it."	0
"I waited six weeks for this dress to arrive and was so disappointed. loved the skirt part of it. but the top, which i guess i didn't see in photo was pleated as well, made my bust look huge and it puffed out on sides. would have been a wonderful summer dress, flowing and cool."	0
There were just too many pleats to this thing. it was not flattering. it looks fantastic on this model but not on me. oh well.	0
"This wasn't for me. i have a short neck and am 5.3"". the length was fine on the one i tried on, but other proportions were off. it was too big around, in the middle, yet tighter at the bottom. on me, this made it resemble a large bag. the neckline stood up on mine. even when i pushed it down to resemble the picture here with the model, it still felt like a whiplash collar (coming up over my chin). i gave it four stars for quality since the material is so soft."	0
Just not cute. i don't know how else to describe this top. i am a 34dd and ordered a large. it fit and was comfortable but the peplum had way too much fabric it actually made me look much bigger than i am. i would possibly have tried a medium but it wasn't in store so i returned.	0
"I saw this dress in the catalog and had to have it. when i went to the store it was sold out so i had them order and ship it to me in two sizes - my regular and one size larger. when i got them, i tried on my regular size first and it was just perfect! beautiful pattern and material. light and airy. sexy with the low-cut ""keyhole."" i am sooo happy with my purchase."	0
I was in love with this suit from the pictures. unfortunately the top is a little too short so the peplum skirt hits right at my widest part and doesn't meet the bikini bottoms.	0
"The product looked more or less as expected, but the fabric felt very cheap. not the quality i would expect from retailer. the shirt is also very short, which did not bother me but is something others should be aware of."	0
"I bought this top in black. it is high quality material and i love the mock neck and zipper in back.  however, not only are the armholes are too large, the shirt is cut too short. if i size down for smaller armholes, it becomes a crop top, not a flattering look for 50-something me. i really wanted this to work, but alas, it went back."	0
"The color and quality of this sweater are fantastic. the reason i only gave it two stars is that the height of the neck didn't seem right to me. it looked awkward and too high to be left standing upright, but when folded over i wished it were higher so it formed more of a turtleneck/cowl. i will be returning the sweater because of that."	0
"Very poorly made- wide and short, very unflattering. the material is advertised as cotton, but it felt very synthetic."	0
"I wanted to love this so much that i ordered in both a mp and sp. both have gone back. i'm petite and curvy - particularly on top. i wear petites 90% of the time. this didn't fit like a petite - it was cut like full size in every way - particularly the arm holes and length. when the mp didn't fit (i always start trying on in the larger size), i thought - well surely the small will be better. i considered keeping because i would wear it with jackets over it, then decided that was crazy. disappoin"	0
"This really was nothing special. for $68 there are much cuter tops at retailer. it wasn't particularly flattering as it was very boxy, so it added volume. it was soft and felt like decent quality which was nice. i agree with another reviewer that the ruffles feel too big. overall, this was just a miss for me."	0
Unfortunately this one is going back. the fit is very flattering and the underlying layer is very revealing in the back.	0
"I love the coh fleetwood jeans, and since i was looking for a pair of not-so-skinny skinny jeans, i thought these would be great. but unlike the fleetwoods, which are a substantial weight denim, these are very soft -- too soft -- and bag out in the first 5 minutes. the style is okay but the fabric makes them unflattering. maybe if you're looking for jeans you can lounge in, these will be for you because they do have the comfort equivalent of sweats."	0
Looks great on the photo and from previous reviews i decided to give it a try. the material seems cheap and stiff. would not fit my frame well.	0
"The concept of this top is cool and the outer fabric is nice. the inner layer is sheer but as long as you're wearing a nude-colored bra, no big deal. however i did find the inner layer to be scratchy. they must've photoshopped the fit of the top on the model or altered the top, because it looks like it hangs straight on her. i ordered an xs and when you pull it out of the package, it clearly flares out & is a-line. so as a previous reviewer stated, it looks huge from the front. if it had fit the"	0
"Dear retailer & designers: just want a nice dress that isn't made from polyester! don't mind paying bigger bucks for quality fabrics, but please- enough of the polyester!  love, your customers"	0
"I bought the xs regular and it was a little too long and wide. i was unable to find a petite version in the store or online. the ruffles were also bigger than how they appear on the model. i am 5'1"" tall and weigh 110 lbs. i believe the petite would have been a much better fit. i regret not discovering this top sooner when more size options were available."	0
The sweater material was fragile. there were already two picks in the fabric when it arrived. i felt like it would not wear or wash well. i was also disappointed in the shaping or how it hung on my body. i am returning the sweater.	0
I was very disappointed in the quality of this top. the first time i wore it it snagged right in the front. i had to pull the thread under so it wasn't exposed. i put it in the wash in the gentle cycle and it was destroyed with several more snags when i removed it from the machine. this top is extremely delicate and doesn't withstand normal everyday casual wear although it's s casual lightweight sweater. now it's just a wear around the house ratty throw around shirt.	0
"I am obsessed with denim and have two other pairs of ag jeans from retailer that i am very happy with. my recent preference has been for high-rise skinny jeans and decided to give these a try because of the versatile medium wash. when i tried these on in my normal size, they were so cute that i bought them full-priced. i could tell that the material was pretty stretchy (which is what makes them soft and comfortable), but was not expecting them to stretch out and sag after a few hours. by th"	0
"I really liked the casual style of this top, but i was disappointed when i put it on.  it's cut weird- the shoulder cut-outs are smaller than pictured and just don't seem to hang right.  they don't hit where they're supposed to and the sleeves were also not as pictured, more like 3/4 which i didn't like.  the color is really nice and i liked the fabric but the fit was just off.  i tried xs and s.  both fit weird."	0
Too small... too flare... nice thick fabric. not my favorite pant.	0
"I was really disappointed with these pants. they were a thinner fabric than expected with little to no stretch. they were very tight around my legs and huge at the waist. sadly, they will be going back."	0
I thought this skirt would fit just over the knee with a nice flowy build. instead it fit rather baggy and was longer than i expected. i felt dowdy in it.	0
"The other reviews seemed promising and so i ordered these in a 10 petite. i am 5'4"" and the length was still long and would either need to be worn with a heel or altered. the length was not what made me send them back though. the quality is very very nice and the fabric thick, stretchy and well made. however, the body hugging fit and flare make these look exactly like a yoga pant but made from nice material. if i were a bit more confident to wear these outside of the gym then they would be great"	0
I loke the idea of this jacket but it was executed poorly. it makes me look like a football player! i am 5'8 135/athletic build and i was swimming in the m. i tried a small on in store and it still looked like i was wearing shoulder pads. it hangs and gaps awkwardly. the sleeves are freakishly long and the overall length was too short.	0
"These run at least 2 sizes smaller than other styles of the same brand, mother. such a bummer because the quality is totally on point. i'm going to exchange them for a huge size i guess. whatever, i don't mind having a size that's so much larger than all my other jeans. i just mind the complete hassle of the exchange process. i wish mother would get their sizing issues under control. it's not retailer's fault. so annoyed."	0
"The fabric and cut of this blouse are beautiful, but the v was so deep i could never wear it without a cami and i think that would ruin the look. i have a large chest, but the similarly cut blouse (without the textured fabric - from the same designer) fit me fine. this one is just cut differently. i even tried sizing up and down - to no avail. the photo on the model seems misleading because i don't see how the neck would lay flat or stay that high on anyone - even with a smaller chest. i was so"	0
I usually wear a size medium in angel of the north but this was very small. i would need to have ordered a size large or xl to have it fit. pretty but returning.	0
Love this dress! wore it last night for a musical event... came home and put it on the hand wash setting in the washer with cold water...just as the label states. pulled the dress out and guess what? the design is completely faded!!! it looks 5 years old :( so sad. i'm going to call retailer and ask for a refund (i live two hours away)	0
"While the print is cute, the fit is a disaster if you are a c cup or fuller. the bottom band does not lay flat as pictured on the model (it rides up under your boobs) and the whole cup area tips forward - it's not really molded like a bra, more flat foam insert. immediately went back. hopefully, if retailer continues to do swimwear, they'll take a look at adjusting the designs to make sure they're also workable for fuller cup sizes (underwire please!)"	0
"This sweater was not as featured in the picture. the front is completely cropped while the back is regular length. the front barely reached the middle of my stomach. also, the color was not as vibrant as shown in the picture. this sweater will be going back."	0
Seemed pretty shapeless which surprised me because of the design. perhaps it was just too big. returned it.	0
"I wanted to love this sweater and it has some nice distinctive features that make it more interesting than your average cardigan. unfortunately, however, i found that flared in an unflattering manner over my stomach. the chest fit well - though it was very low cut - but then if i buttoned the sweater it made me look like at least three sizes larger.  the quality seemed okay, but a bit thin and i was afraid that this would not hold up for long."	0
This dress is absolutely hideous on my physique. ordered a size 6 and it hung on me like a cheaply made tent. i have an athletic built am a 34d. it is going back asap.	0
"Well...this is ""on me"" as i saw this hanging in the store, but way off on my size which is xxs petite.  i looked too quickly and got a nice sa to order it for me.  both pieces are transparent - no opaque lining at all is inside. both pieces are made of fragile clingy materials. there is no ""flow,"" just cling. the size is much too big so the resulting look is of two bad pieces hanging oddly without any real shape.  this may be the first time i really just not recommend a piece - at all. bes"	0
"This top is beautiful - even more so in person. however, like a previous reviewer, the fit is very boxy. there is so much excess fabric that poofs out on the sides that you can't see in the photos due to the model's cardigan and arms. if this top had been a bit longer and more fitted, without all the excess fabric at the bottom, it would have been perfect. again, the color, the lace, the fabric and the pleating is all gorgeous. would love it if the designer took this into consideration and came"	0
"This nightgown looked so comfy and cute! i ordered a large and it was so uncomfortably tight.i'm 5'3"" and 150lbs. it was such a shame. size large should not just be really a medium!"	0
"I have to agree with the first reviewer! i really loved the color of this dress and could almost have overlooked the lack of a lining, but when i felt the fabric expecting a nice lush silk, instead getting what felt like a polyster instead i couldn't justify it for the price. i really liked the fact that a maxi came in petite sizes as well, but just couldn't get over the poor quality for that price so back it goes!   i hope the team members or buyers at retailer are reading these reviews"	0
"The cut of this dress is gorgeous and it could be great if it were made of quality silk and was lined. although the color is beautiful, the cheap fabric has no variation, is too saturated, and lacks any sheen of quality silk.  shocked at the price. i still have beautiful silk dresses from retailer pre 2010 . being back the quality!"	0
"I am a 32dd, 5'4'' and 125lbs and this top was way too baggy. it looked awful. this is shapeless and oversized. i would size down or just pass."	0
"Fabric felt and looked cheap.  hem was completely frayed, all the way around, perhaps purposely, but ratty looking, all the same."	0
"Looks great, the material feels great but when i put this dress on for the first time today it fell apart at the seams in the rib cage area. total disappointment! i had purchased this on sale for my graduation and was getting ready to walk out the door when i saw two holes on each side!"	0
"I'm 5'3"" 115 lbs and ordered an xs petite. i have other dresses from maeve in xs petite and xxs petite that fit really well, but this one was weirdly big at the top"	0
"I though this dress would be similar to the turtleneck swing dress by maeve. it's not. first of all, it runs very large. i purchased a small (i am usually a xs or small in maeve, i purchased a small in the turtleneck swing dress). the shoulders were very wide, you had to manually cross the fabric around your neck but it didn't lay as flat as what i wanted around my chest, and it was quite large around my rib cage and stomach making it rather shapeless. i really wanted this dress to work (i love"	0
"I had been looking at this dress on-line hoping for a pop-back and when i went into my local store today there were two on the rack and one was my size. i found the colors and print a bit blah (i felt like it could use a little detail for the price...bead detail or embroidery) in real life and i didn't love the fabric, in my opinion it is a bit too stiff and doesn't drape particularly well. things got worse in the dressing room...it was a disaster on me. i'm busty and while the top fit, because"	0
"I was so excited to purchase this dress; i love all shades of grey for winter clothing, i love knits, and i have loved other maeve dresses. however, i simply cannot fathom how poorly this is designed--it fits absolutely nothing like it appears to on the model, to the point that i wonder if i might have received a defective dress.  for reference, i am 5'5"", slender and small-boned but also curvy (hourglass). my bust is 36 c, hips about 37-38. i normally wear a small in maeve dresses. maybe it's j"	0
"Love the print and was looking forward to this dress. the length and bust are just right in normal sizing, however the 'swing' effect is all off. there's so much fabric. its like wearing a moo moo. not at all flattering. disappointed in this one."	0
"I wanted to love this dress! the material is beautiful! but sadly i agree with other reviewer. the model definitely has this pinned back! i am on the small side (5'5"", 120 lbs, straight figure, very tiny ""girls"") and this dress looked awful. totally swallowed what little shape i have and the swing did make me look prego in front and back. the fabric is stiff so i think that adds to the sticking out oddly. as far as sizing the arm jokes fit great. xs ordered and length was good but wish the ""swin"	0
"I really wanted to love this dress. i love the colors and the design of the dress. unfortunately, i have to agree with one of the other reviewers that this dress makes you look pregnant. it's so voluminous that it's not flattering at all. also agree that the lining is scratchy."	0
Material cheap. too small. good idea for design. love princess cut but bad material. good idea though. sending back	0
"First of all it arrived rolled in a tight ball the size of a large starbucks coffee. i don't know why they do that.... you're not going to be immediately impressed by something that is packaged like it's cheap! second, i'm usually a 0-4 in retailer and mine is no where near as loose-fitting as the photo. also, he sleeves and back are a very thin waffle knit... like a flimsy t-shirt. and see-thru. the sleeves form-fit to my arms so i couldn't layer under it, but i couldn't wear it alone with the fa"	0
"But it runs super small. i wear a medium for everything but couldn't come close to buttoning this. the buttons were about 4 inches apart (horizontally)  probably should have ordered an extra large in order to fit. the quality and styling seemed great but ordering online requires ""truth in sizing"""	0
"I am a curvy girl and bought these jeans in a size 31. i don't have stick legs, and the jeans have worn right through were my thighs rub together. with the old pilcro material, this did not happen! this is a super soft jean, and although the fit was good, they just didn't last."	0
Where o where did the old pilcro ankle stet go??? these are a cheap impersonator. the denim used to be thick which really did wonders for the fit and overall appearance of how the denim lays over your lower half. the last 3 pairs of pilcro stets i've ordered have gone right back because they are nowhere close to the greatness they were originally. the pockets on these jeans sit so so low- completely unflattering. the ankles are significantly smaller circumferentially. the old stet ankle jeans ha	0
"Waist is tight and thighs and legs are not. -not flattering- ankle opening is too small, and they have a funny smell."	0
"For a couple weeks, i debated making this purchase. in fear that my size would no longer be available, i ordered this lovely top. when it arrived, i was immediately disappointed with its colors...unlike the vibrant colors in the photo, the top's colors were dull...more a brown than orange and gray rather than lavender. had the fit been better, i would have kept this item despite of its color. it's cut weird! though it runs slightly large, i felt the top was ill fitted through the upper bust and"	0
"This is exactly the same cut as the breton peasant blouse, which i also ordered. it's extremely tight thru the bust and the sleeves are very wide at the top which adds width to the look of this blouse. it added 20 pounds! the print is beautiful. the ruffles are trimmed with a golden colored thread which is a beautiful detail. i ordered size large and am well endowed. steer clear if you have a bust."	0
"This is a beautiful dress. the quality is excellent. the 3 layers and the embroidery are beautiful... however it just didn't look right on me. it looked like a maternity dress. i am very petite, short with a big bust and it just did nothing for me. i think this style would look best on a tall woman with a smaller bust. unfortunately i will be returning this dress."	0
"I had high hopes for this dress, but unfortunately   was disappointed and returned the dress. it flares out with too much material under the gathered waist. it's so odd."	0
"This dress looks amazing on-line. in person the arm ruffles are much larger and stick out, and the dress at the bottom makes you look like strawberry shortcake. too much all over ruffling at the chest and is not flattering. pattern is dizzying in person.   very thin multi layer dress. should be better material and quality for this price. save your money and shipping."	0
The front cream panel is completely transparent.i didn't purchase because my bra showed and it would ruin the look with a cami underneath.  i wish the fabric were translucent - not so see through.	0
"This top is beautiful online and in person. i am in no way a large full figured gal, but i did order an xl. reading the past review and wanting an airy fit i ordered a larger size. this shirt is horribly tiny in person! the xl regular fit looked like an xs. have no idea if this particular shirt sent to me was miss sized or what. will take back. other than fit, the shirt is very beautiful in every way."	0
Cute in the on line photo but in person it looks cheap and has gold running through it. if you look really close in the photo you can see it.	0
Good quality fabric and structure but the mix media details and lines make them seem more like jodphurs than leggings. it's hard to see where i would wear them ... sorry but they have to go back.	0
"I love almost all tops from retailer, however this one was just enormous. it is beautifully designed, but it was so huge when i tried it on that i couldn't believe it was sized 0. i even checked the tag to see if maybe they placed a size 0 tag on an xl shirt. for reference, i am 5'2"" and 110lbs. i would have loved this shirt if it hadn't been so big."	0
"I opened these when i got them yesterday and immediately tried them on. the knees were totally stretched out and due to the panel at the knee, it looked like i had growths popping out between my legs at my knees. someone had received these before me and sent them back after they tried them on or wore them then returned them. they were obviously too small for whoever did that. these never should have been resent to another customer. they are obviously very misshapen. they are going back. on a bet"	0
"On the hanger i thought this had a chance, but oh geez... puffy sleeves, itchy, metallic thread, lace... what a mess. and thin. and uncomfortable. no, no, no."	0
"I ordered this in white and it's quite sheer. as others have noted, it is really full and it hits at mid-hip which doesn't work on my figure. if it had been a few inches longer and more of a tunic, or less voluminous, it could have worked but nope."	0
"The colors in this dress are beautiful (the green/blue version) but the fabric is a very see through mesh and feels flimsy. i purchased it online and wasn't expecting it to be so sheer -- the particular empire cut combined with the fabric makes it feel more like a nightgown, i really wanted to love it but it's going back."	0
"This is an absolutely beautiful dress, but arrived with several holes in it!"	0
"I wanted to love this dress because the fabric is fun, but i could not find a way to make the drawstring waist look like anything but a potato sack.the model has her hands hiding the lack of a waistline"	0
"This is much prettier online than on me. too much dress, even though i sized down."	0
"I was extremely disappointed with the quality of this product. as soon as i put this tunic, the right tie loop detached from the garment. i could return it but the point of shopping online was to avoid the hassle of going to the store. the price of the item does not justify the low quality of the final product."	0
"This skirt looks cute online but, it has several issues. 1.) the slit is very high, this photo is deceptive, look closely...the slit is actually to her finger tips. you cant wear any kind of spanx or control top tights. 2.) slits on both sides so when you walk they fly away. 3.) the micro mini ""slip"" bunches. 4.) the fine knit is very snag-able. 5.) the skirt is very long. it is going back."	0
I just received this dress wadded up in a bag. it is nothing like the colors shown on line. in the picture it appears blue and white. in actuality it is teal and a funky color of beigey pink. the top is see though but it does see have a slip under the skirt. will be sending it back and again remind myself why i shouldn't try to buy a dress on line.	0
"This top runs extremely large and has a very unflattering cut for those without a straight figure. i have 36ddd boobs and a muscular, curvy frame. this top adds about 20lbs."	0
"Bummed out.. this is super cheaply made and very expensive... the design is different , the color is beautiful, but the material is a different story.. it should be priced at the most 30 bucks.. not 128.. i'm returning them. also, they run very big..!"	0
"It runs large. loose or oversized tops don't bother me so i thought it would be fine, but this just made me look wider then i am. is thin and too sheer for me as well. it was just so unflattering. i had to return it."	0
"This item is huge. i'm normally a medium, sized down to a small, still massive. couldn't go too much smaller because the buttons would pull at the chest. but the sleeves are very wide, as is the waist. way too much fabric. i had high hopes for this one but it just doesn't work. for reference i love billowy and flowy tops, but this was a tent."	0
I love the color of this top but the style is not flattering. i normally wear a l or xl in retailer clothes and i ordered a l in this and it was massive! i went into the store to try on a medium and it fit much better but is still very bulky around the middle where the ruffles are and it is very wide. bummer	0
"I loved the design and look to this shirt, but it ran way big for me. i loved the forgiving fit, but it just wasn't flattering at all. i even went down one size and it still was huge. sad to send this one back."	0
Seems there was a design defect in this item--sleeves are way too tight and hardly go on without ripping the shirt. i have pretty thin arms so it's hard to imagine this not happening on anyone. too bad because it's otherwise a very nice top.	0
"This dress is great if you're very skinny and have no chest. otherwise, it makes you look dowdy. the colors are also quite washed out and do nothing for my complexion.  this one is going back."	0
"Ordered this dress in an xs, that is the size i usually wear. this runs small, but not only that it is the way it is cut, very small through the hips, thighs and legs. hard to walk in it. the material felt kind of cheap to me. i thought it looked really good on the model, but got it home and didn't like it at all! it went back!"	0
"I love the idea of this top and ordered it in white. it is a great design and proportion is nice with jeans. the front is off white t shirt material with a pocket and the back is a light grey heathered panel. i am returning it as it is very thin and the quality is cheap looking. if the grade of material had been a bit thicker and better made, then it would have been a winner!"	0
This is a beautiful dress but unfortunately it is only for women who are not well endowed - it is extremely well fitted in the chest. the high waste also poufs out due to a lot of extra material and the double lining. a beautiful dress but a very very poor construction. also there are bright blue and yellow beads in the chest area that are a bizarre combo to the corals and browns of the fabric. i am normally a 4/6 at retailer and the 8 was extremely small.	0
"Could not wait for this to come and so disappointed.  first of all, it's not a happy orange, it a darker rust.  second, it is huge.  fits in the shoulders and is super comfy and cute but would be a dynamite maternity top.  you could go to term in this blouse!  back it goes.  so sad."	0
"Material is so thin this shirt ripped in three places after wearing only once.  got a size larger than i needed as i have a larger chest and even though it's a bit lose the thread has ripped material on my chest and in the armpits."	0
"This is a beautiful kimono but just isn't made well. the one i received already had a couple small holes and a pull in the thread that was very noticeable. after reading the additional reviewer who wore it an hour and it was already pilling, it is going back for good. such a shame!"	0
"I loved this dress and the color. i wanted to wear it to my niece's wedding. i usually wear a medium but couldn't get it on. the large was perfect in the top but too tight in the hips for a wedding even with spanks. the xl was perfect is the hips in that it didn't cut, but the top was huge. i really don't understand the sizing of this dress at all."	0
This is not a kimono. it's a cocoon. there's a huge difference.  it's also not made very well.	0
"I wanted to love this as i love holding horses but it fits weird, slender in arms but baggy in the torso. i will be returning"	0
"It's sheer, the design /print is casual, but on silk like material. had it been made out of cotton would have definitely kept it! who is going to wear this in the blazing heat of summer???"	0
"Was going to order this top in orange but could not decide what size. i am either a large or xl. i found that the top was in stock in a local retailer in white and went to try it for size. first, the top is huge. i tried the large on and it fit me across the bust and shoulders nicely. the rest of the top was like a large tent. the white is an off white and really is not attractive looking. in fact, in the store, it was displayed with a jacket over it. online, the orange looks completely different,"	0
This piece didn't make sense to me.  maybe it's bc i'm a yankee fan but it reminded me of a high end baseball jersey that was sheer.  i didn't think it was office appropriate but too dressy for casual wear.  it went back.	0
"This shirt is so small. i am not sure who came up with the sizing but you have to go up several sizes to get a comfortable fit. don't waste your time on this shirt. such a shame, it could have been very cute."	0
"Pretty color, but i was hoping for a thicker, higher quality material for the price. the material is lightweight and isn't tailored well. looks kind of sloppy."	0
"I ordered this vest in xxs, since i am usually an xs and was looking for a bit of a tighter fit on such a loose vest. even then, the vest looked like a large. not only was it incredibly loose - much looser than in looks in the picture - but the arm holes were huge too. it just looked too big, not artfully drapey."	0
"I really wanted to like this... it's soft and cozy and a nice shade of blue, but that's where the positives end. i ordered the xs and it was huge. wide, shapeless, and way too long (i'm 105lbs and 5'1). even if it came in petite, i'm not sure it's worth the price, because i can imagine the thin material losing its shape and getting stretched out."	0
I bought this skirt in my usual xxs petite and the waist was way too small. i could not even pull the skirt all the way up. returned	0
"These ag stevie ankle jeans only have 50% cotton.tthe rest is 41% lyocell (a rayon), 7% polyester, and 2% polyurethane. result: thin and clingy jeans that show every lump, and stretch out.  . these are no longer the same lovely ags in twill when they were at 80% cotton, 18% modal, 2% pu. it seems ag has also stopped making denim and corduroy with 98% cotton, at least in the stevies. . i'm sure these will be a great choice for someone looking for very soft and thin pants that feel like pjs, b"	0
"I try to find something to like about everything i buy, even if it turns out to be a disappointment. for me the neckline of this shirt is absolutely beautiful and super flattering. it was one of the only things that made me want to keep the shirt, but unfortunately it was not enough. this shirt is super boxy and runs large. i would recommend sizing down for those who want to try this. if you have a larger chest it might be worth ordering your regular size so that the buttons won't pull at the ch"	0
"I had loved this on-line when i saw the pretty floral pattern. however, in person, it is such a disappointment. the quality of the fabric and the fit are just very poor."	0
"This dress was so pretty on the hanger but a saggy sack on. even the sz 0 was too loose and shapeless. there is no waist as pictured. the hi-low hem, loose fit and wavy waist seam (see in the third close-up picture) make it look like the dress shrunk oddly in the wash. it's really too bad, it's such a pretty combination of patterns."	0
"I should have listened to the reviews that said this top was too boxy, but i didn't believe them and bought it anyway. i was wrong! this top is so boxy and wide, just awful."	0
"I'm normally a small in retailer tops. i ordered a small, and the top fit well in the shoulders and in the upper (more fitted) part. it all went horribly wrong from there. the top billowed out at the bottom and fit like a circus tent, instantly adding a good 50 pounds to my frame. this was such a disappointment, as the pattern is beautiful and the fabric is high quality."	0
"Very disappointed that i ordered this dress and a large was too big. returned and asked for an exchange to a size medium, it was apparently not available in the medium, i was charged a 5.95 fee for return shopping. so i immediately went to website, medium available and i had to pay another 12.95 for shipping. seems a bit unreasonable, but really liked the dress."	0
"The quality and fabric are fabulous but it's just too voluminous for my figure (5'8"", 155 lbs), would look great on someone more slender."	0
"The photos online make it look like a comfortable, relaxed, lightweight early fall/spring cardigan. when it arrived it looked very wrinkly and there is no ""shimmer"" as far as i can tell. i tried using my steamer to get some of the wrinkles out, but it didn't work. it looks too rumpled and i don't want to wear something that looks like i just rolled out of bed."	0
"Loved the sweater and the sale price was great, but i could not take the shedding! even after just trying it on the first time, my jeans and top had shedding all over them. this was 2 minutes, i could not imagine what i would look like if i wore it all day. had to return."	0
This sweater is the perfect sweater except for one thing.....it sheds everywhere. i can simply pick up the sweater and shake it in one hand and 40 large pieces of lint go everywhere on the ground and on you. if you like dark jeans- don't purchase. before i walked out of the store- the salesperson had to use a delineator on me- it was hysterical. sheds so much	0
Purchased this item on sale-received it and it had two huge holes on the side.not possible to repair. very disappointed in lack of quality control. :(	0
"I had high hopes for this top but sadly it was not meant to be. it was tts (i'm 5""3 and usually wear a small). but the material was horribly scratchy. both the body of the top as well as the sleeves. and the design isn't all that flattering. it made me look really wide at the bottom and i definitely am not in real life!"	0
"I anticipated receiving this skirt as i love a longer pencil skirt and this looks beautiful. i opened it, tried it on, sent it back...it is well made but has too many negatives. first, it is very thick. i ordered size 6 (5'2"", 140 lbs.). the size was good, but it is so thick that it adds lots of extra fluff around the waist and abdomen. it is also very stretchy and fits in an unflattering way. finally, and most importantly, it has a back and front vent and both are vented all the way up to the c"	0
"The sides scooped up a bit too much on me. i was hoping to be able to tuck this into a skirt and wear to work, but there were definitely some gaps that showed the side of my midriff. back it goes. :("	0
"Maybe it's because i'm 40, but this top was underwhelming. i felt like it was a cheap tee with a big, obnoxious bow on the back. it does look cute on the model, so maybe it's a ""younger"" top. i would have felt silly wearing it."	0
Not flattering and not the color it appears online. this is really a pink shirt.	0
"I ordered this top based on the photos. this looked unique and beautiful, plus i've loved past designs by this brand. i thought this would be nice for summer. there isn't a straight-on view of the front of the top for a reason. the model is turned to the side and there is one black flower that stands out below her chest, away from the border of the rest of the flowers. the flower looks kind of like a bee. i believe she is either wearing a size larger or pulling down the top to mask the problem."	0
"I have always bought interesting, pretty, wearable dresses for my daughters at retailer. now the dresses are just retro funky. sad to see."	0
"The photos don't look it, but the one i received was a cropped length. the bottom of the sweater's longest parts didn't even reach the top of my mid-rise pants. and i'm 5'3"" so it wasn't that the model is a lot shorter than me unless their models are 4' tall.   disappointed since i wasted my retailer discount on this!"	0
"What a pity! this blouse has a beautiful design, however it doesn't fit well on the body. it's not really a size problem, it's just not a well fitted blouse. the color is very deceptive, it looks white on the picture, but it's actually pink. i'm probably going to return it."	0
This jacket has cute details. i like the front pockets and color. it has no shape and is about 1 size bigger than marked. i felt like a sack of potatoes in it.	0
"Ugh, i was so disappointed with this shirt. i was so excited when i saw it online and thought it would be a perfect summer shirt with the light colors and the flower print. unfortunately it falls flat and i understand now why they don't have a straight on photo of the shirt, its very plain and lays very unflatteringly. it's definitely missing something in the front. i typically wear a small to an extra small and i ordered this in an extra small and would have needed an xxs if i hadn't returned i"	0
The print doesn't necessarily works for everybody.	0
"This is a crop top but super boxy and wide. i expected it to be more fitted in the waist. since it sits out away a from the body a lot, it was not flattering. i also felt the stitching to be a bit matronly for me. too bad as i am having such a hard time finding tops and i'm willing to pay full price for something that works."	0
"Although the material of this top is beautiful and the quality is nice as well, it really did not lay right on me. i'm a 34d, and i got my usual size in a small. the arm holes were a bit too big, the waist was too wide and it overall looked like a bib on me."	0
I was so excited to try these on at my local retailer. i'm so glad i did before i ordered them online because i found the fit to be totally off. the pants bulged around my hips and looked very awkward. they were also not as soft as i expected them to be.	0
"If you have anything larger than an a cup, this shirt will likely not fit right. it is very pretty but the seem on the front runs directly in the middle of the chest. it literally runs right through the center of the breasts. what were they thinking? if it had been three inches higher or lower, it would have been perfect. for reference, i'm approximately 105lb and have a dd cup."	0
"The fit is so bad and the construction is very poor. i'm 5'1'', 100 lbs, ordered xxs petite.   first of all, when i button this, there is extreme gaping going on. the vest runs narrow, yet tall?it shifts up my torso if i move at all, making the gaping even worse.  the ""skirt"" at the bottom is made of a very cheap, thin, slightly sheeny material that you would find at a flea market. it arrived unbelievably wrinkled and crumpled, and it was just so thin. it did not meet as closely in the middl"	0
"Looked good in pictures. i even ordered an xxs petite and it was huge! although the sweater has interesting textures and is very beautiful, it is very awkward and poor fit. will be sending back."	0
"The top is cute, but when i received it, it did not feel like cotton. the tag says 100% viscose. i hope retailer can be more accurate with fabric content in the future! on the plus side, the return was no problem."	0
"I'm so disappointed. the dress looked lovely in the box, but when i started to unbutton it to try it on, two buttons split in half! it's going right back."	0
"The peplum for this time hit me in the middle of my rib cage, not at my natural waist, so it looked very odd when it flared out with the peplum so high up. i am busty so it's possible this would not be the case for everyone but i generally can wear peplum tops with no problem. i was disappointed to return it, the fabric was very nice and the concept behind the shirt was a good one."	0
"I ordered this dress in a size 8, my normal size at retailer. it is a lovely dress and so feminine, but it is incorrectly sized. i couldn't begin to button it. i reordered it in size 12 if that tells you anything. buyer beware. unless you are itsy bitsy, you need to size up. i will say that as pretty as the photos are, the dress is even more lovely in person."	0
I really wanted to love this dress but it was not right for me.   made my curvy body look shapeless.  also had a button crack before i even put it on.  returned it.	0
Really wanted to love this top but the proportion was not right for my body type. also the print with the silhouette was a bit too country bumpkin for me.	0
I was so excited to get these. i paid for two day shipping and ordered medium and large . sadly they did not fit. i usually wear medium but ordered both just in case. i'm very disappointed that they run so small and are not true to size. they are super cute from someone skinny.	0
"As soon as i pulled these pants from their packaging, i feel in love with them. the fabric was so soft - i could not wait to get them on...yeah, that was not going to happen! i could not pull them on - not even a little bit! these pants run incredibly small. i ordered them twice: once in my regular size, and again in a larger size. unfortunately, i am sized out of these beauties."	0
The design and quality were great. i really wanted them to fit but they ran large. i'm 5'4 and 120 lbs and orderd the small. unfortunately the fit seemed off as well and i won't be trying a size down. the waist and hips were huge but the thigh area was fitted enough that a smaller size would have been awkward. sadly these went back.	0
"I saw this dress online, and i thought it was perfectly cute! however, once i tried it on at home, it just didn't work. one of the buttons broke in half as i tried unbuttoning, and once i got it on, the dress was so small that the cuffs cut off circulation to my forearm. (i'm 5'7'' and ~126 lbs and purchased in size 2). i didn't even try buttoning all the way. i took it back, and i don't even think i want a larger size. the buttons are just too fragile."	0
Although beautiful colors this eyelet dress is quite heavy and the buttons have no give- one of them literally cracked when i tried to unbutton it. unbuttoning it was difficult due to the tight weave. it just misses the mark and will be going back.	0
"Really like this dress but..... the dress is lined in a heavy fabric and weighs a lot for a summer dress worst of all there is no chance at all of getting the buttons through the button holes. impossible! has to go back"	0
I put on this t-shirt and my husband said it makes you look old. he was right. i'm not sure if it's the cut or the pattern but i found it completely unflattering on my petite frame and it looked cheap too. perhaps on someone else it would look different. the pattern is overwhelming and the sleeps are a bit too look and ruched for my liking. it may look better on someone taller.	0
"One of the worst shirts i've tried in a long time. i don't know how they managed to give it a little shape on the model. in person it is sleeveless, huge, short and wide."	0
"I tried on this jumpsuit in black and it was absolutely beautiful. i liked that it looked sort of like a tuxedo, i wore it one time and received so many compliments. when i washed it, however, it shrunk almost 1 size! the pant legs were high water. i even tried washing and restretching it because i loved the jumpsuit but it wouldn't budge, i think because rayon is not stretchable material. to my disappointment, i returned it. i really wished it would have worked out."	0
"The fabric is a nice weight knit and the top generally well made. unfortunately, the fit was enormous. i've an athletic build w/ big boobs & normally wear l in retailer tops."	0
"The pattern and colors are very pretty, and the material is soft and silky. i returned it, though, because it is very low-cut in the front. it comes down to between my breasts, which is not going to work for me."	0
"I was really excited to get this top in the mail; unlike other reviewers, i didn't find that the top fit small, but i thought that the tight fit across the shoulders and chest didn't look good with the billow-y torso of the top. i think this top would be flattering on really thin girls, but i'm very tall and broad shouldered, so it didn't look as good on me."	0
"I own two poodles and love anything poodle print. i was estatic to see this and i snagged it on sale. but it is horrible. the fit is like wearing a pillowcase. it was about 5 inches too wide on each side while the arms fit. it looked like it was attempting to have a dolman shape but it was way too short, wide, and wrong. i was in love with the print however i had to return it."	0
This is more of an undershirt than a shirt. the material is very very thin and it shows everything. it was beyond unflattering on me. don't buy this unless you have a knockout thin body.	0
"The shape is awkward, too loose, not flattering. my body just disappears under all the fabric and the bird print wasn't as cute as online. returning this one."	0
"I saw this very shirt online & thought it was so pretty. in person, the shirt seems flimsy. the buttons look as though they'd fall off. i also didn't like the cut of the shirt. it seemed to be tighter on top & looser on the bottom. had to return. i couldn't justify the cost with the quality."	0
I was so sure i was going to love this dress when i saw it on the rack. i was so disappointed by how poofy on the bottom. it was not flattering at all! i'd love to see this pattern back with a better fit.	0
Horrible fit not true to size again aline outside of the dress and a very tight camisole underneath	0
"The dress didn't meet my expectations, specifically the color, the texture, and the cut of the dress. although the dress was very well made, it just wasn't right for me."	0
I usually buy xs or s in retailer clothing and the pieces usually fit perfectly. this time i purchased my first petite item because i was worried the length of the pant leg would fall at an unusual spot if i didn't. i'm 5'4 and i ordered a petite small. i was swimming in it. the elastic in the back was so loose you could see directly down my pants. i wanted to love this but unfortunately the size did not work for me.	0
"I was so excited to receive this dress only to come find out that it was not tweed, not the same colors as the picture, spandex material, the fit runs smaller than most of their dresses and the sleeves are capped. i love retailer and prefer their clothes above all other brands but i was extremely disappointed in this dress."	0
These leggings are loose fitting and the quality is just not there.. i am returning the item.	0
"Cute enough, but i couldn't figure out what to do with the tie that didn't make it look like an extra set of sleeves, oddly placed."	0
"This dress has pretty colors. the top fit well but the bottom looked like an upside down umbrella. it has enough material to make 2 skirts and the big pockets on the sides make the skirt stick out sideways. the photo of model is from side, not the front. very unflattering on me."	0
I returned the dress because the color was not as pictured in the online photo. i did not like the color.	0
"Unfortunately, this sweater let me down! i love retailer, especially their sweaters, but this one fell flat. it was tight on the arms, and didn't hang well on my body. it was odd in length and added about 20lb to my frame. i kept it because i wanted to force it to work, alas, i just donated it. hopefully it fits someone else better than me.."	0
"This top was originally way overpriced. so i ordered it on sale for half price. still overpriced. it arrived yesterday and frankly i am disappointed. the quality is not great. it is like a jersey type material. doesn't look like the photograph at all. i like the color, but frankly, that's about it."	0
"I ordered this top online during the mother's day sale, thinking i had found the perfect white staple tank i wanted for summer. i had this top on for barely five seconds before i knew it was going straight back. the quality of the fabric and the overall design are both very good. but the problem is that the top comes with an under-layer up top. this is normally a good thing; extra coverage in a sumer top generally means you ca go braless. the problem is that the top layer of the shirt is so shee"	0
Pretty design and good quality but the medium was very balloony at the bottom. fit my chest alright (34c) but flared out way too much at the bottom.	0
"I wanted to love this as i love bright colored patterns. however, when i received the pattern was different than the one pictured and didn't appear as bright and the material was much different than i expected. could almost see through the shirt where it is white and is very thin.  also, i have a larger chest and a smaller waistline and the cut of the where the peplum began made me look larger than i actually am. i am a 36ddd and i normally where a size medium. a medium fit but like i said made"	0
I bought this shirt to wear under a black skirt suit. the fabric does have some stretch to it however if you have a normal to above boob size ... beware! i have a 36d chest and the front of the shirt hit me to the point that i then looked preggers. it was one of those situations which reminded me why i do not buy empire dresses. in addition the fabric felt like something my grandmother would have used back in the 60's. it was a thick polyester type material. i think this shirt would still work f	0
"This is a very slimming, well-made, nice fitting top-i just disliked the colors. they did not look good on me. otherwise this is a very nice piece!"	0
"I usually buy a pair of these kind of pants every year from this brand. they are lightweight, sturdy and very flattering to my curvier body. this brand can run big, so i usually buy a size 2 rather than my normal size 4. i was going to wait it out and let someone else try them first, but then i caved and ordered them in two sizes: 26 and 27 because they didn't label them 2, 4, 6 etc. anymore. these pants still look well made and have cute little details, but they are bigger than ever!! the 27's"	0
"I was so excited to get this robe in the mail but was beyond disappointed when i opened the package. the fabric is extremely stiff and thin. the fabric felt like something curtains would be made out of and the white background was see through. the robe is very short and cut small in the shoulders, therefore it looked like i was wearing a piece of children's clothing. i also ordered the matching pj pants but didn't even take them out of the package after seeing how rough and see through the mater"	0
"This dress did not work well on my figure. i have a small waist and broad hips, and the dress (size m for 140 lbs, 5'8"") was too boxy. i didn't have objections to the fabric, like other reviewers - honestly, even if there were a snag or two, the fabric is kind of rustic and i don't think a snag would look terrible, depending on where it is. i should note that one of the ornamental buttons immediately fell off the dress upon arrival. my friend got the same dress in a size s and it worked better f"	0
"This dress hangs like a sack. it really needs a belt to give it some shape. i tried to style it with one, but then didn't look right either. i did like the slip that came with it. i'll be returning it."	0
"I thought this was more like an oversized sweatshirt. not at all! i'm either a m or l and i bought a large and that was too small and too tight. it is more fitted. if you are looking for something more comfy, don't buy. however, if you want more of a fitted blouse feel, then go for it."	0
I really loved the colors and style of this top. unfortunately it runs a bit small and was too short on me. i'm 5'9. some mentioned they didn't like fabric but i thought it was good!	0
"I wanted to like this so much. it's a great good girl dress, church dress. however, it makes no sense. it's a summer dress with massively thick lining that snags i'm petite and busty and it made me look and feel very wide."	0
I did not like this cashmere sweater at all. i ordered the pink which was more of a peach color. although the color was very pretty the material was very thin and cheap looking . it was also very short . not worth the money even at 40% off.	0
I really liked the design. ordered a medium which was huge. also thought i would not be able to tolerate it because of the material -- a bit itchy. returned it.	0
"I loved this dress before putting it on, but it was just not the right cut or style for my body type. it is very roomy and full and looked like a maternity dress which was not a look i was going for. sadly this will be going back. i loved the print and the feel of the material. just not a flattering cut for me."	0
"The fit on this shirt is bizarre--it very much resembles a nursing top (but wouldn't actually work for that purpose). the side visible in the picture is nicely draped, but the other side can flap open and is completely different. i tried two different sizes and both were equally unfortunate!"	0
"I own some pure and good cotton tanks similar to this in black that i live in teaching dance. i was hoping these would be the same. i ordered the pale blue and it is completely see through and fits tight in the back and loose in the front. i have no desire to have a bra/sports bra show whether out the sides or through the fabric, it is tacky!"	0
"I saw this on sale, and it looked lovely online. i really wanted to love it when i received it. it looked great, but once i tried it on, it bunches up in the back. it looks awkward. the lace and small details are pretty, but the fit is just off. returned it in the store."	0
This would have been cute if it was more fitted. i am 5'7 and 125 lbs and the small was too wide. i didn't try the xs because the small was almost too short in the sleeves and so was the length.	0
"It's like a work of art, but sadly, not flattering on me. i absolutely loved the look, and even considered taking it to a tailor, but the material overall is very stiff. if you're teeny tiny and need something to give you the illusion of hips, you might love it. very sad to return this."	0
"These are very pretty, but i have had a few problems with them. out of the package, i found them to be true to size. i think i purchased the pxxs or the pxs. however, even though they are machine washable, i feel that they shrunk upon washing and are now too short (i am barely over 5' tall). also, the elastic waistband keeps twisting within the casing, which drives me crazy. i have to keep straightening it. i think there are better options for sleep pants."	0
"I was so excited about this top, and so disappointed when it arrived today. the lace part is lovely, but the skirt part is a crinoline type fabric that balloons out at the sides. it is gathered at the sides rather than pleated, and there is no way to get it to lay flat. the back center section is pleated. why couldn't they have had the pleats all around? this will be going back with much regret."	0
I waited a long time to get this top. unfortunately i will be returning. the sides are gathered and stick out a lot on the sides. not as pictured. the sides should have been pleated. it runs smaller in the bust and when closed it was a little snug. afraid this might shrink with dry cleaning or washing. the design is unique and wish this top would of worked.	0
"It was quite a bit shorter on me than what it shows on the model who is the same height. the pull-on styling is a #fail as i could barely get my head through the neck opening! i was afraid it might rip a seam. the fabric seems low quality, like it would stretch out and degrade faster than others. overall, not the dress or quality i expected :/"	0
"When i unwrapped this a chemical ""stink"" hit me that amost knocked me over. it was really unbearable and i m not overly sensitive to smells. second it was way too large with a boxy unflattering cut. the waist sits very high at elbow height and every below the waist the material balloons out in a rediculous manner. i wonder if they had it pinned down somehow on the picture here. with a more flattering cut i might have decided to wash it a few times to get the stink out. i do not recommend this fo"	0
"Very cute dress, but fabric is very flimsy and seams were very puckered which couldn't be pressed out."	0
Length too long and waist to high. these are not sized for petites.	0
"I disliked this dress. it didn't fall on me the way it falls on the model pictured. i think it would work well for tall, thin women with a smaller chest. i am petite with a larger chest, and it accentuated my chest in an unflattering way and managed to make me look frumpy at the same time. not recommended for petite women."	0
I can't stand buying pants and i can see the pockets lining and my darker skin through the fabric. i don't consider that high-quality.	0
"I think this shirt would be really cute on the right body type, just not mine. i'm 5'5, 125 and a 34ddd a couple weeks post partum. thought this could be a good shirt while i'm nursing bc it's flowy but stylish. unfortunately it did nothing for me when i put it on. the cut drew all attention to my big chest---not in a good way--and distracted from my smaller lower half. made me look much bigger and heavier than i actually am. probably good for small chested girls, very tall girls or curvy on the"	0
"I ordered this shirt online and didn't even try it on... it is super see through and i would need to wear a tank underneath and i don't want to have that extra layer in the summer. it is cute though!"	0
"I do not even know where to begin with this product. i ordered a small (i go between small and medium) and felt that would be a good fit. after trying on the shirt, i would have opted for the xxxxxxxxs or whatever the smallest size is. this shirt is very boxy. i know its supposed to have a 'flow' to it, but this shirt is too much. it needs to be taken in. or have a belt wrapped around it. i tried the belt look but it did not look flattering. i found this color to be very blah. overall, i am slig"	0
Huge! normally wear a medium and this was huge and very unflattering.	0
"I was really excited after finding this top online and reading the reviews; the combination of peplum, cap sleeves, and color seemed too good to be true. i ordered a size medium but unfortunately, this top is on the short side so wearing it with pants or jeans did not work out. in addition, the fabric was more sheer than it looks in the picture and the v-neck in front dipped a little lower, too. a camisole might have solved both of those problems but i didn't bother. i returned it to the store."	0
"This shirt is beautiful. it is flowy and light, a perfect piece for transitioning from winter to spring. however, do not follow the washing instructions on the tag. it says you can machine wash, tumble dry low, and despite going one step further and washing on my gentle cycle in cold water and drying it on extra low, it came out of the wash so small that a child could barely wear it. it went from being a tunic to an inappropriate crop top i will never wear again. if you do order, please take the"	0
"I love this top (so cute and comfy!), but i wore it twice, washed it once on gentle and layed to dry.....now there are 2 small holes in the front. for as much as it cost, i would have expected it to be more durable. very disappointing, especially since i don't live near an retailer and can't take it back easily......"	0
"I have been looking at this sweater online since it first came out and i finally ordered it when it was 40% off. i ordered a size m petite, sadly when it arrived and i tried it on, it was very boxy, stiff like, and did not flow like it looked on the model online so i sent it back."	0
Runs very large. ordered a smaller size due to other reviews but should have ordered several sizes smaller	0
"This was exactly the item i was looking for. simple, black, stylish.  unfortunately the fit is terrible and proportions completely off.  the upper arms, chest and hips were ridiculously tight and the whole look was uncomfortable and flattering."	0
"I second that above review who states ""worst blouse i've ever ordered"""	0
"I ordered this sweater in the pink color in a small and xsmall, in order to see which was the best fit. i was really looking forward to getting it because it looked so great online - like it had a nice flow, the cute zipper and was a good match for a pink and grey skirt that i have. i was really disappointed, the sweater doesn't flow like it does in the picture - it kind of billows out in the front and back and isn't flattering. i have a small build, and, frankly, i usually look good in sweaters"	0
"I wish i had read the other review about the color of the pink version of this sweater before i ordered it. she was absolutely right - the color is completely different in person. it is this garish pink and brown that looks like it was knit together with remaindered yarn. it's too bad, because the cut of the sweater is cute and the zipper adds a funky touch. maybe the blue is better in person..."	0
"There were no reviews, it's an ""online exclusive"" and thought it might look good with a nice skirt at an upcoming wedding. the spandex jersey back looks like sweat shirt material. on the white version of this, it is mismatched with an oatmeal color and white that just looks awful. as a busty 36d i was stunned to find myself swimming in a medium. it does not look like the photograph and the sleeve billow out. i feel like this had to have been clipped and tucked in for this photograph. i'm an anth"	0
"I am petite (5'). even the xsmall petite looked sloppy on me. i also disliked the nude fabric under the lace- it made it look cheap. i wanted this to be the perfect lbd, i  just couldn't make it work on my body."	0
"I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate, but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular, as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit, technically, but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short, but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3"", but it fe"	0
This top is beautifully made and designed. material is soft and comfortable however it's very boxy. the details on the side stick out. i just found it not very flattering for me.	0
"I tried wearing it, however, i thought i needed courage to wear this tank. unfortunately, i did not purchase this tank although i liked color and design. first, it runs small than the regular size.  it feels even smaller because my size is xs. in addition, it tends to exaggerate a body line. i am not quite sure why this happens, but maybe it is just the way this tank is. if you are confident about your upper body posture, then yes, it would look very cool. however, if you have thin postur"	0
"When i saw this item online, i ordered it right away. loved the color and the oversized, comfy look to it. the pros: very soft,the color a deep cranberry as pictured. the cons; the low back - in the photo, the model's arms cover it up. when i put it on, it looked like an oversized flap that stuck out on the sides and was very visible from the front -- and because the material is unstructured, that made it look worse. i loved it except for this one feature, but because it was so detracting, i had"	0
"Ah! i wanted to love this but without anything under it (as pictured), the petite sizing reveals way too much side boob. i am 5'3"" and a small b cup. i ordered an xs petite. it fits but there isn't enough material under the armpits. the fabric and design is great other than this flaw. sadly returning."	0
"And hits below my waist just far enough to make my thighs look enormous. i think how it fits depends alot on body type. the material is nice, color pretty, not cheap looking so i will keep it but must wear a topper to slim down thise ugly thighs of mine....."	0
"I was hesitant to buy this because it is double breasted which isn't my first choice. that was the least of the problems with this jacket. i love sparkle, and i love beautiful detail, none of the elements by themselves was a problem. the sum of the parts didn't work, though. the end result was an unflattering, confusing mess. the silhouette plus the frayed edges, plus the sequins plus the vent in back plus the huge buttons plus the double breast, plus the zipper were just too many things to go t"	0
"I really wanted to love this dress, but i couldn't. it ran large and heavy. rather than a sleek cocktail dress, it felt more like a heavy sack once i put it on. there was one upside: the drape in the back did not appear to drop quite as low, so finding a bra to wear under the dress might be easier than if it draped as low as it appears in the picture."	0
"The pants are pretty and run true to size, but the fabric is bathing suit like, very thin and sheers in the butt when you squat. i wouldn't recommend for anything but waking."	0
"I wanted so badly to love this dress, but i couldn't get past the thin material that you can actually see through. not for this price anyhow. the dress is shorter than i had anticipated, and more fitted around the waistline flaring out at the bottom which i feel isn't accurately portrayed in the photo. on the positive though, the color is beautiful and the neck line stunning, but alas will be returning."	0
"Was really excited for this dress and couldn't be more disappointed. doesn't look anything like the pictures.  the fabric feels...cheap. it came wadded up in a ball and is a wrinkled mess.   looking beyond that, i tried it on and thought i had put it on incorrectly. unfortunately not. the top half doesn't sit correctly. it's so bizarre that it seems like a flaw in the design. it doesn't sit on your shoulders, but doesn't look right off your shoulders. the neckline is very high. also, front b"	0
"I was really looking forward to this dress. i tried it on and it does not wow like the picture. it came wrinkled, but i think even pressed it would fall weird. the side swoop falls funny, and you can see the seams underneath. and the top front falls funny, not quite sure what to do with it. it almost looks like a mock turtleneck until you fold it down. again, maybe if you get it pressed that would be better. the back is still beautiful though. i'm 5'3"" 115lbs ordered a 0.  maybe on someone talle"	0
"Just received these and they fit perfectly, but the panels are different shades of gray. the color is not consistent and it make them look bad. they are perfect otherwise, but sadly they are not wearable. i will be returning"	0
"I was really hopeful that this top would work on me because it is so cute online. however, i was very disappointed when i finally received it. the sleeves look soft and snuggy in the picture but are actually a bit stiff and scratchy in person. i could almost get over the sleeves, but the white part of the shirt was horrible. i am 5'10 and a size 6. i wear a size small at retailer, and i got a small in this top. the bottom of the shirt was a tad short on me and hit just below my belt line-- which i"	0
It is a shame when a product such as this is left on the website after so many comments reveal the item to be more defective in production than an opinion of size proportion. i read the reviews so had expected the item to run small so i ordered accordingly...this does not run small-this is not representative of any of the three categories one associates with women's apparel sizing. i am usually a small and the description by previous reviewers described the fit as being perfect for me-very small	0
"I was very excited to receive this dress because of the cute photo. however, upon arrival i was completely disappointed. the color is much more drab than the photo. the smudged polkadots weren't attractive. there were many little bumps and pulls in the linen. the dress is super heavy. the pleats around the waist did not lay correctly. and it adds 10 pounds to your hips! super sad! i am sending it back."	0
Doesn't feel like cotton jersey. feels like a thin version of the seamless cami. it's not soft as i expected. it's much thinner than expected too.	0
"I loved this shirt! flattering and pretty. it's hand wash only or dry clean. i hand washed it and the blue t-shirt part of the shirt shrank, and now the front of the shirt is too short for me. would not recommend due to shrinkage... too bad."	0
"This dress is just very unattractive. it is quite short-waisted, almost empire and so the pockets hit in an odd place. also it is very long - midi length - and the skirt is very wide. the effect is matronly, not cute at all. size-wise it fit true to size and it is a nice medium weight denim and the construction is good."	0
"This tank (in black) is nice quality, most of the fringe hangs straight and seems to be attached well. it's just too short and too boxy for my figure (curvy/hips). would look good on someone who has straight hips and is not long waisted. since that doesn't describe me, it has to go back."	0
"Every single time i was in a store, this dress caught my eye. there was never a large or xl to try on; however, so when a free shipping offer came up, i took a chance and ordered both. the xl was too large; the large was much better, but a little snug, so if it shrunk, i would have been out of luck. if i would have kept one, it would have been the large; however, they are both going back. a plaid dress sounds like a good idea for the winter when you look at it on the hanger, but on a body, it is"	0
"Like some other reviewers, i, too, have to comment on the dress's fit. the dress doesn't fit right around the bust or the waist. as a seamstress myself, i know that the problem is that it doesn't have any darts in the bust, and thus the bust and the waist are just about the same size. this dress really just needed a few of these extra hidden details to fit right. while a belt helps, i don't think it helps enough to justify the price. it's too bad--i think the concept of it is cool, and i was rea"	0
"I read the other review that said the shirt was boxy, i didn't think it would be a terribly big deal. unfortunately, it is. normally i wear a size s, so i sized down o an xs. the shirt fits in the sleeves and neckline, but the shirt is still very box and now super short. unfortunately, this is going back. not a good fit. adorable details but the fit is terrible."	0
"I was really excited about this dress. i had only seen it online and it looked like the perfect transitional piece, casual or dress up. when it arrived in the mail, the feel of the fabric was great and i slipped it on and it was so comfy i felt like i was wearing a nightdress. unfortunately it hung like that, too. the material sags in places it shouldn't. i have a 5'8"" 125 lb frame, and i ordered an extra small, and both my husband and sister said it was unflattering and urged me to send it back"	0
I thought this suit would be the perfect solution of stylish but forgiving of my new mom bod. this one didn't work for me. i ordered the medium. the top is very small--i would recommend only for b cup or smaller. the full coverage bottoms did nothing for my shape. it seemed to make me seem rounder and shorter. sending this one back! i did find success same size in a faux wrap style retailer suit.	0
"These pants are the perfect color, and i love the detail of the zippered pockets... i was so excited when they came in the mail and fit pretty well. they were slightly loose, but i thought they would hold their shape and the size smaller would be too small. after an hour of wear, i was swimming in these! i can almost pull them down without unzipping them and the seat of the pants looks particularly, um, saggy. i am in-between a 4 and 6, and since the pants are detailed as slim fit, i thought it"	0
"The button fell off when i took it out of the bag, and i noticed that all of the thread had unraveled. will be returning :-("	0
"I ordered a small, but it was way to big. it was very soft."	0
"These were so perfect for the first hour or so. i was convinced they were my new favorite pants! but their initial forgiveness turned into a slovenly stretch, and they creased and wrinkled like crazy after i'd been sitting a couple hours. it looked downright embarrassing - saggy and wrinkly (radiating from the crotch, no less) . i got them in the gray, and it's possible that other colors use different, less awful fabric."	0
"I have a holding horses dress similar to this one from about a year ago.  i loved the swinging fit without it looking like a maternity dress.   the fit and style of this dress is wonderful, it's the color that killed it for me.   i ordered the ""orange"" because i liked the photo on the model.  when the dress arrived in the mail, i could hardly take it out of the package and try it on.   the color is almost neon orange.   too much for this redhead.  hard to wear that bright neony color.  not sure"	0
This was completely different than i expected. the xs/s was so large that it looked messy. unfortunately i had to return it.	0
"I loved this dress and it fit perfectly. i did not have any issue with the camisole being tight, and i am really curvy. i did however have a problem trying to take it off. it has no zipper and in order for me to get it over my head i had to stretch my shoulders to the point where i ripped the back. i went to the store and tried on the larger size and ripped that one too. i tried to take it off more delicately but i couldn't. maybe it was me, but this dress is too much hassle. if i went any highe"	0
"When i saw this blouse online i thought it looked like a great combination of casual with the elegance of an intricate print. i was so disappointed when it came. the print is not centered in the front or the back. it looks like they were trying to save on the material and just cut it out wherever with no thought to symmetry. for this price the detail of centering the design was expected, especially because this is how it appeared in the picture. loved the blouse, but i will be returning it becau"	0
As the other reviewer stated the dress is not lined and the fabric feels very cheap. i tried the sp as well and felt i could have gone down to the xsp. i like the style and coloring but given the price and lack of quality this is going back.	0
"The skirt is totally see through unless you wear a slip. even though it has a built in slip, it is still see through. the problem is that the slip is made out of the same super thin polyester material as the outside skirt. if it wasn't see through i would keep it."	0
"Loved this dress online, but my small pettie stature made me looks like an orphan from the prairie."	0
Horrible fit. i do not understand why they but a aline dress with a skin non aline camisole under the dress.	0
"Was excited to receive this dress as i got it at a great price on sale. the colors are great and it fits pretty good, but it came without a slip!!  so disappointing to not receive the entire dress!!  hence the 2 stars. may send it back for this reason."	0
I really loved this in the catalog. the fabric and details are very pretty. however it's a lot of fabric without much form. my husband suggested it for maternity (not realizing it has fitted slip). not for curvy/ hourglass.  had to send it back.	0
"I ordered this dress is in the yellow/orange. the colors are pretty, the pink detail is nice and that's about it. the slip underneath is a form fitting yellow cotton - no big deal. the dress itself runs very large and in an unflattering way. if i was pregnant, it was perfect. the material feels cheap to me and this, along with the roomy fit - is why this dress will be returned."	0
"This is a beautiful dress. however, it looked awful on me. i ordered the medium and it was huge. also, i looked 7 months pregnant. not a good style for the short person."	0
"Luckily i bought this on sale... i now see the instructions online say to hand wash, but i bought mine in the store. the instructions on the tag said to wash delicate in cold water and tumble dry. i washed it in cold water and it shrunk to doll size."	0
"I was planning on wearing this at the office but it looks like a maternity blouse. not flattering at all. i loved the concept.. silky, loose fitting, professional.. but they didn't succeed. its a big mess. return."	0
"Oh such a classic retailer look for summer! a vintage pattern on a crisp cotton fabric. i was immediately drawn to it. but wait- there is a sort of wrap around tie at the waist, creating the look of an apron. yes. it looks like one is wearing a full apron. or scrub dress.  why?? this would have been sooo much better as a simple shift or a skirt/blouse combo."	0
"The material is adorable and if it was available in a blouse with sleeves, i would buy in a minute. we have a pool and i thought it would be cute to wear while entertaining. now the cons, i am long waisted and this strange tie knotted high under the bustline giving an odd lumpy look. it runs short and i can't imagine who thought this design was a good idea. there were no reviews when i ordered. i am learning to try it on in the store and/or read the reviews before investing. i would say go up a"	0
"Totally bummed. the pretty print doesn't outweigh the very odd fit of this dress. makes you look really top heavy and even the print, which looks so cute online, looks muddled in person. sadly, went right back."	0
"I really liked this dress in pictures online. i wanted to wear it to work on casual fridays. everything about this dress was a disappointment, especially at this price point. the fit was weird: tight in some places, too loose in others (i'm usually xs or s, i ordered this one is s). it's made out of a fairly thick and warm material, yet the neck area of the dress is more exposed than it appears in pictures, especially in the back, making it awkward to have this very warm dress with neck, upper b"	0
I really wanted to love this piece but it was very large. i'm 5'2 and ordered xs/s and i have return due to size.	0
Remember those cable-knot cotton sweaters that were popular in the eighties?! that's exactly what this sweater is. everywhere your body bends like elbows is emphasized by the fact that cotton does not bounce back like other finer fabrics like wool and cashmere. i'll pass on this!	0
"I was thoroughly underwhelmed. it did not hang well, and the fit seemed off. the tie waist just sort of hung there. i could have sized down, but i didn't even want to bother. it was pretty boring and flimsy for $138."	0
"The design of this sweater is odd. it made me feel very ""round"" when i put it on. the sleeves were wide. the other reviewers were correct in saying that it's a thick sweater, which i thought i'd like. the torso was slimmer and longer than i expected. it really was the odd design of the sleeves that made me not like this sweater."	0
"After reading every review, i was certain i knew exactly what i was getting with this dress. wrong. i sized up from a small to a medium and the dress was still uncomfortably tight on my rib cage. the top is very exposing of the bust, and i'm small busted. i can't stand wearing camis, so there no way i'd be able to wear this dress even if i sized up again to a large. for reference, i'm 5'6"", a straight build 134 lbs, and wear a 6. pluses on this dress are, i loved the green color and length of sk"	0
"The print and fabric are great, but this dress has odd construction, or maybe i have an odd construction. anyway, i'm 5-5, weigh 125-130, 36d. i ordered the small and it fit perfect up top and in the arms - but the issue was in the hips. i'm somewhere between athletic and curvy. the skirt looks more a-line in the photo, but it's actually cut pretty straight. spanx would have helped, but i'm not about to wear spanx all day in a work/casual dress, i think a medium would make the top too big, so i"	0
"So these look so good online - i love flare and the button detail. however, on me, they were very long (which i knew) but too thigh-hugging for my taste, and the buttons looked cheap (i ordered the tan color). thus, back they went. for reference, i am 5'5"" and 125# and ordered the 6."	0
"This is a pretty dress, but the cut is quite boxy. i had thought that the dress would cut in a bit along the body and then ""flare out"" more around the waist down to the hem; however, the dress is baggy from the sleeves all the way down, which lends to a rather unflattering look."	0
"The quality and fabric of this dress are lovely, but unfortunately i found it to be very unflattering and shapeless. it fit me like a sack, i ordered the m and i suppose i should've sized down, but even in the s i'm afraid this would be far too large. for reference, i am 5'7 and 135 lbs. i have a curvy build so this shape dress just wasn't right on me. i imagine it will look cute on more of a boyish figure. returned."	0
"Since this sold out so fast i ordered an xsp which is too short (i'm 5'5""), it also is too big! the empire waist has no shape or flatter, the sleeves are huge, the neckline was falling off my shoulder, i put it on and instantly knew this was all wrong.   the print is very fun and my guess is that's what is attracting everyone to it.  it looked like a big floppy mess of cute fabric on me.  back it goes."	0
"I returned this dress because the material is so flimsy and thin. i was expecting higher quality, especially for the price. i was disappointed. it is a pretty dress and fit great, but i felt like i was wearing tissue paper."	0
"Very beautiful colors unfortunately the cut is much too tent- like and it looks like a maternity top on me. i like a flowy bohemian top but this one was too much for my tastes, sadly i sent it back."	0
"Was very surprised when i opened the package, this dress is very thin fabric and you need to wear a half slip as it is see through. the top of the dress is short to the draw string and does not drape bloused style at all. i have a short waist length so it should have worked. the color is a little darker than pictured, but over all looks cheap so full price with tax makes it way over priced. going back asap."	0
"I like flowy tops because i have a bit of a belly and i like to camouflage it but this top was really flowy. the fabric is great and the embroidery is beautiful, i was hoping for this to be a holiday staple this year. it has to go back though, just too large. i don't love it quite enough to order a size down."	0
"I really didn't expect this sweater to be so short. i'm 5'8"" and there is no way it would fit me properly. i honestly didn't even try it on. i pulled it out of the bag and put it right back in and returned it. it looks like a crop top. i bought the blue, which was not as rich and nice looking in person as the picture. i love most things i buy through retailer but this was a swing and a miss."	0
"This is cut very strangely, i'm short waisted and this barely covered my belly button. the material is rough and scratchy. did not like at all and will be returning."	0
"I saw this sweater online and have been looking for a unique sleevless sweater for some time now. its a very beautiful sweater so i ordered it right away when i saw this design. i recieved the sweater in the mail and really wanted to love it but it just wasn't for me. its very well made and thick which i liked but i usually fit in small sized tops for retailer but they didn't have a small left in the sizes, i ordered a medium and it still ran small, i was very surprised. its was also disappointing"	0
"This looks cute in the web photo, unfortunately it is absolutely huge in person. i got the small and have to return it because it is not wearable for me."	0
"The black band seemed to cut across the widest part of my hips, emphasizing them. the pants are sheer. the fabric was not comfortable against my skin. overall, the pants were a miss."	0
"I love my very old pilcro stet jeans. they are the perfect denim weight, and the back pockets are set in a way that is very flattering for the tush. not so with the newer pilcros unfortunately. the denim is thinner and may have more stretch and they get worn and pill on my inner thighs. and the back pockets are set far apart making my back side look unnaturally wide. it's a bummer."	0
"If these jeans work for you, you're a lucky girl! the fabric is really thick and soft. pocket detail is cool and the hidden multicolored button placket is a nice detail. i ordered down a size. they're tight across my thighs and seem shorter than a 30"" inseam. the fit is boxy and not flattering on me but pants are so cute i may keep them anyway."	0
"These jeans are adorable! i'm so sad they didn't fit. my legs are bigger than the rest of my body, but i usually have good luck with wide leg pants. if you are looking for wide legs, these are not the jeans for you!"	0
These jeans were so cute on- wore them a handful of times and they'd been washed twice. put them on and - rip! ripped right at the crotch in the front so not fixable- and on vacation no less when i had to scramble to find something else to wear. poor quality - disappointing and not what i expected from retailer. :-( they also run large even for a more relaxed fit- sized down for a good fit.	0
"Ordered this top online, as i loved the colors and design, but i should have listened to the other reviewers. i ordered my usual size m, and it was just very unflattering. it was short and wide, not at all like it's pictured on the model. needless to say it was immediately shipped back."	0
I ordered my usual medium. the tops length came only to my waist  and was wide and unflatering.   the armholes were right under my arms. too bad as this looked so cute in the picture. i returned.	0
"After the second wash, the stitching in the armpits completely fell apart. after sewing it back up, wearing it, and washing it a third time, the stitching in the other armpit completely fell apart as well. not sure if this was just a fluke, but it was very disappointing. now that both armpits are sewn and all other stitches are intact, i must say that this is a great dress. i would have returned the dress to retailer, but i've already washed and worn it, so again...very disappointing. i would say"	0
"With all of the glowing reviews of this dress, i so badly wanted to adore this very special cocktail dress. it fit nicely, the quality was great, but there is a decorative (?) line of hook and eyes down the front which come undone with the slightest movement. i wore the dress out one time and was paranoid the entire time, kept glancing down to make sure i hadn't come undressed. i suppose i could've gotten out the needlenose and crimped them all shut, but decided to take it back. i didn't see tha"	0
"When i ordered this online, i should have paid more attention to the picture. the dress comes to the knees of the 5'10"" model. i was swimming in small petite size. i checked the label and wondered whether i received the wrong size. nope, it was ps. either the dress was mislabeled, or this is cut huge. returning. too bad because the shape and color are cute."	0
"I built a new wardrobe around the three lovely velvet blazers: moss, copper and burgundy. they are soft, well-fitting, pretty linings and very satisfactory. this new version is stiff material, and ill-fitting. not coming in petite is a problem and it may fit others better, but it is too full across the front. with the stiff materials, this is a bad fit. disappointing and going back."	0
This top is very cute and if you are short you will love it. i am tall and the dividing line of color block kept rising up over my bust so it looked weird. it made it look like an ill fitting maternity top. had to go back.	0
"The dress was just too ill fitting and bulky and large. it was more matronly looking then anything and did not fit well. if you are going to try it, probably size down 2 sizes. for reference, i'm 5'4"" and 124 lbs. i bought my normal size 4 and it was very large. i would not recommend as it's just not flattering. i love one shoulder dresses and tops so was very disappointed as i'm an retailer devotee...."	0
"This looks so gorgeous on the model on the site, so i ordered it online. it was incredibly frumpy when i tried it on. looks like i took a floor rug, cut a hole in the middle and slipped it over my head. the sweater itself is so pretty, its just too bad it falls so awkwardly on me. i normally wear a small so i ordered the xs/s and the sleeves still fall past my thumbs. its kind of itchy too. will be returning this asap."	0
"I had such high hopes, but they are just slightly off. they run a tad large, so i suggest sizing down. (i usually wear a 28 or 29, and the 28 fit nicely through the hips and thighs.) unfortunately, the color is off- i thought they were going to be a dark midnight blue, but they are actually gray. and they have a button-fly closure which causes the pants to protrude a bit in the area where no woman wants protrusion. i will be returning them."	0
"I ordered this coat because, like others, i was taken by its feminine beauty! unfortunately, the coat showed up with the top button broken off (and missing) and another button hole torn open. i returned that coat right away, thinking that it'd been damaged somehow in shipping. however, i began to question the quality of the coat when the second coat showed up with a broken and missing top button! when i tried on the coat, i found the missing button stuffed into the pocket. not the quality i expe"	0
"I love the design and fit and quality. have been looking for a long-line top like this and was willing to pay full price. i have that dreadful little roll right under my bust line and this sucks everything in nicely. smooths it all out. i'm a 38c and everything was contained nicely and fit great in the large top.   here's my issue - wore it once and the colors ran! i was so excited to wear this i didn't even wash the top (i rinsed and dried the bottom, though). and i'm not a swimmer. just let"	0
"Despite retailer's claim that they have ""fixed"" the button issue on this coat, beware. they haven't. i ordered this coat november 18th, feeling safe that the issue that scores of other reviewers had noted was fixed, because retailer indicated ""rest assured, this issue has been fixed"" (as noted in the item description). feeling confident that i'd get a non-defective coat at this late date in the quality assurance cycle, i was severely disappointed to open my shipment tonight (nov 24th) immediately di"	0
This dress just fits weird. maybe it works for somebody..... there is a reason it has been put on sale...	0
"This is not even a dolman style sweater because it's loose fitting everywhere around the arm. the point of a dolman sweater is that the sleeves are fitted around the wrist/forearm, but this is not the case with this sweater. it's super loose around the wrist area - i can fit both of my wrists into a sleeve."	0
"I was so excited to try this sweater on when it arrived but to my disappointment, it was overly large! i was pratically swimming in it. really love the design and the way it looks on the model. just didn't work out that way on me."	0
"This sweater has the weirdest stitching, although the buttons on the sleeves are a nice touch and the hunter green color is to die...poor fit means poor sweater :)"	0
"I was so excited to order this sweater. i thought that the moss color would make it a great basic for work or casual days. ordering it on sale made it all the better. however, when it came i was so sad to see how muted the colors were, with little definition. the sweater itself lacks definition as well, just shapeless and hangy. i also did not expect the angora like hair on the sweater which bothered by eyes as soon as i tried it on."	0
"Although this has a nice design and i wanted to love it, it already looked ruined in the store with pulls all over each one i found. the fit is nice but i wouldn't buy it due to the material being too delicate."	0
This dress has a great shape and fabric - but the v neckline is too deep/low and the arm holes are also cut too low. would loved to have been able to keep it but had to return.	0
"This is a really nice quality dress. it is a low-cut v-neck but the fabric is form fitting so its not revealing when u move. i love the top part of the dress but the skirt just did nothing for me. it's a soft material but the skirt almost resembles a bath towel in look and feel. i am petite in size (5'0"" 100lbs). i will be returning due to the skirt being to loose on me in width rather than length. also, the center pleat of the skirt makes it look a bit odd. the skirt hit right at knee height."	0
"This is the widest sweater i have ever seen. i laughed out loud when i opened it, and then showed it around my office and everyone else cracked up too. it is comically wide.   even when i was 9-1/2 months pregnant, the m/l would have been pretty roomy on me. now that i'm back to about a size 10-12, this looks like jared from subway's pre-weight-loss pants, in sweater form. ridiculous!"	0
"The sweater could be really pretty, but it is huge. i ordered the xs/s and it was swimming on me. it's too bad, because the stitching was beautiful, but this item is going back."	0
"I grabbed my typical size (8) and found it fit snug in the bust. the fabric has plenty of stretch, so the snugness was fine, especially because it meant there was no gaping along the neckline in the front. it's lowcut, but i didn't feel particularly exposed. i ended up not buying it because i don't think it fit my body right. the distance between the top of the shoulder and the bottom of the arm hole was too long for me - a significant portion of my bra was exposed at the bottom of the arm hole"	0
"I saw this dress in the catalog and immediately ran to the store to purchase. then i realized the dress in the catalog is slightly different, but the small differences is what makes the catalog dress so much more unique and worth the money! look at the top, the stripe colors are different. and the stripes flow different on the skirt part as well. and the dress was short on me and i'm two inches shorter than the model. bummer."	0
"This dress reminds me of a fabric used for curtains. it is sturdy beautiful and strong. i looked like a large picture window in it. if i was 5'10"" and 120 pounds it may have worked ?"	0
This is a sweet top as it is shown. on the model it appears there is a panel behind the lace on the front of the top. this is not so-the entire front of the top is see through. one would need to wear a camisole. the material on the blouse is very sheer-it appears to be rather cheap actually. if you are wearing a top this sheer it does not make sense to have a camisole on underneath. that said you are going to be able to see your bra and skin down to your belly button if you do not have a camisol	0
"Nice quality fabric and design, but found the armhole cut weirdly and fit of upper bodice strange. wanted to love it but sadly sent it back"	0
"This dress looks cute online, but it is enormous. i bought a small, but it looked more like a 3x plus size. i tried it on, just in case, and honestly it looked like a great dress for a clown. this dress must have had two feet of fabric pinned behind the model in the photo."	0
"I've been eyeing this dress for months, so when it went on sale i finally purchased it. now i see why it's on sale. the dress runs extremely large and has no shape.... looks like a potatoe sack and i feel like moo...moo in it! this will be going back to the store!!!!"	0
"I had high hopes for this top based on the photos, but when it arrived it is a very thin cheap feeling top. the color is a dusty rose color that has a yellowish mottle throughout it, almost like a tie dye or slub effect.  not pretty at all."	0
"When i saw this top online, i thought i'd love it and immediately ordered it in both colors.  they arrived today and i am soooo disappointed.  i have never seen such drab colors.  the blue is a muddy grayish hue (like an overcast day) and the pink is a dusty shade of peach.  yuck.  and i was hoping the ruffle at the bottom would have a chiffon-like flowy effect.  instead, the ruffle is made of a cheap looking knit.  back these go..."	0
"The title says it all. while the quality was good, when i put this dress on a felt like i was wearing a shapeless sack fashioned out of wallpaper. the length was longer than on the model (makes sense since i am only 5'5""), which was ok, but the overall fit was just too big. i am a size 2 and tried the xs, which was huge. just not flattering or breezy or sexy in any way. going back!"	0
"Man, this dress is the worst. i don't understand how it looks the way it does on the model. agree with previous reviewer - there must be a minimum of 200 pins pulling the waves and waves of extra fabric back. this dress looks so cute , but is so, so, so disappointing in person. sweater collar and cuffs - stiff and bulky. dress - billowy and sack-like - not sure how they got a belt to pull it all in. save yourself the return and do not get sucked in by the sale price and extra sale discount like"	0
"I just received my back-ordered wildberry top in blue. it's not blue but instead a dull, mottled purplish hue. it looks like a well-worn, stretched out tee shirt with a tired ruffle along the bottom. so disappointing. it's going back for sure."	0
"So disappointed. i love retailer! this was a huge disappointment. i am 5'3"" and 120 pounds. when i put it on, all i could think was that i looked just like a clown due to the big cowl neck and how large and round the dress made me look. if i wasn't so disappointed, i might have laughed. this had to have been a design mistake. i've truly never seen something so unflattering."	0
Such a great dress. fit is flattering. the small v cut in the front and beading around the neckline keep it from becoming a boring lbd. classy enough to wear to a funeral but can be dressed up with some killer shoes. thrilled with purchase!	0
"The cowl and cuffs of the dress are thick and heavy sweater material, but the dress itself is extremely thin. the non-belted pictures do not show how much volume there is to the dress, which was enormous in my normal size."	0
"Unlike the other two reviews , i found this dress horrid. i ordered a xs since i am between that and a s. it was just too much fabric for me. . i have a small frame, so it was just so overwhelming, the armholes were big and i felt like i had a bag on me. colors were nice and fabric was soft and light.. the belt made no sense as others have said. length was good. i tried it on as soon as i got it and couldn't take it off fast enough. i literally ran to the post office and back it goes. this is my"	0
"Too full of a dress for me. i tried a belt and it is then too chunky. if you are younger, tall and slim, this would look great"	0
"As soon as i saw this dress i ordered it...i didn't want to miss out on it. i loved the look...the colors were so fun and bright...i thought it was going to be my perfect dress for an upcoming trip to hawaii. i am 5'4"" about 118#. i ordered a pxs. when it arrived i loved the feel of the fabric and the colors but was wondering what it would look like on as it was a lot of fabric. i know it is to be flowing but on me it was just awful. part is that the ties on the shoulder are sewn in place so i c"	0
"But like other reviewers said, it looks nothing like the picture of the model. i am 5'3"" and 110 lbs, i usually wear an xs in maeve and i ordered the xs petite - the straps are not adjustable so the top part of the dress is up too high and then there is just so much material, it looks like i'm 6 months pregnant. and i usually love loose dresses like this, but the way this falls really does make you look like you are hiding a sack of potatoes. so bummed, because the material is beautiful and i lo"	0
"This dress had so much potential. looked cute when i received it. put it on & couldn't wait to take it off. it's shapeless, top heavy & just overall unflattering. the material could be cute....on a totally different dress. don't waste your money."	0
"Long-time ag jeans fan. lately though, i'm finding the material is much too stretchy. i wanted a good pair of jeans. if i wanted pajama jeans, i would've ordered them. i found the same thing with the steve capris i ordered (same review there). so back both pairs went.  it's a shame because the color was as pictured and just what i wanted. if only they had been made out of actual jeans material."	0
"This jacket was cute, however, i am normally a large with a bit of room to spare.  this has the irritating issue of not fitting under the arms and across the chest and shoulders.  it is not my shape as most other brands at retailer fit me. this jacket is not sized correctly."	0
"Contrary to the first review, there is a zipper so while it wasn't easy to get on, it did fit over my bust. i found this too small and high waisted, and i already have a high waist so i can imagine it looking empire waisted on a normal torso. what i hated was the ridiculous inverted pleat in the front of the dress which is almost impossible to see in the online photo. it made my already busty frame even wider and more unflattering. the lining was nice and soft and the sleeve length and hemline l"	0
"These are light and airy and pretty. they also tore the third time i wore them and not on a seam - a little above the knee while i was lying in my bed.  they also do not slim the figure and the fabric is slightly see-through as it is so thin, therefore if you are looking for serious lounge pants - great - i would not leave the house in them... or turn over in bed in them.  when i sit, the slits fall down around my thighs. my son complimented my dress the other day because the slits give way"	0
Bought the dress online and it only has an eye and hook at the top. the waist has no stretch and their isn't a zipper. you have to be a contortionist to get it over your head and shoulders. so cute in the pic but not realistic. going back.	0
"I had high hopes for this top but it didn't work for me at all. it shows your bra straps perfectly. plus, it was so big and boxy that it made me look about 10 pounds heavier. no thanks!"	0
"This top is really beautiful, but looks absolutely horrible on my 5'9"" apple shaped body. in the words of my husband, i looked like a star trek villain."	0
"I was so excited when i purchased this top! it was going to be my go to for running around, as it looked super cute with leggings and boots! the softness alone made me feel like i was wearing my pajamas.....so comfy! that all changed after one washing......it is now pilling and not nearly as soft as before! makes me sad, but it is going back!"	0
"I wanted to love this dress so much so that i ignored earlier reviews and purchased it in two sizes to see if i could make it work. the fabric is gorgeous, but the fit was very unflattering. it's too large on top and hangs awkwardly in both sizes. i considered tailoring to make it work but with this pattern i felt like that would be a compromise. in the end i returned both sizes ast the fabric couldn't compensate for the very unflattering fit."	0
"As soon as you get up close to this sweater, you will notice that the bird on the front is of an interesting kind of material-almost like carpet that has been shaved waaaaaaaay down so that the little fibers are sticking straight up and a fraction of a millimeter high. i was not excited about this texture and can imagine it will be a huge magnet for collecting lint and dust throughout the day. the fit was way off on this one for me and was not flattering at all. it wasn't for me at all even thou"	0
"Was excited to wear the dress for the first time. but while standing in front of the mirror putting makeup on, the seam between the body and sleeve just started to unravel. strangest thing - just a random hole appeared :(."	0
"I was so excited to get this dress, and it was such a disappointment! it looks so cute on the model, but it was very different when i got it. the color is a lot more yellow than i thought it would be, and the pattern just looked a bit strange--it stood out more against the yellow instead of looking neutral. the dress fit really awkwardly on the top. the straps were way too long, and the chest area was practically baggy when i put it on. i normally wear a 4p, and i ordered down to a 2p. the waist"	0
"I look like i put a baggy bag over my head. also, the material really seemed like fake velvet to me."	0
"Very disappointed when i received this. the colors and ombre fabric are beautiful. beading and embroidery make it a even more unique top however the shape ruins all of that. first it is nearly a crop top. second, it is boxy and it's attempt to be a swing top only makes it bulky. third, need to size down 2 sizes. had to return this."	0
"It's beautiful, lovely quality, gorgeous bird. but the fit just doesn't work for me. i'm usually a medium, which is what i got, it's just too tight in the chest. for ref 36d. as is it already flares out some in the bottom so i'm not gonna bother w a larger size unfortunately"	0
I was so excited for this dress to come. i am 5&#39;1&quot; and 100lbs so i ordered and xs petite. it was literally falling down around my shoulders and gigantic all around. maybe on someone taller this would have looked great. i was also disappointed that the blue shown online was not accurate. my dress was a much lighter blue. back to the store it goes.	0
"I usually love maeve and generally feel like everything they make was made for me. sadly, this dress is a definite exception, which could easily have been solved by changing the construction of the dress. as other reviewers stated, the dress does run small, but even if you size up, if you have any breasts at all, the dress will pull at the buttons, causing them to gape (i'm only a b cup, so not on the large side.) i'm pretty sure this is why the model has her arms crossed in the picture. i love"	0
"I'm not sure if i only received part of this dress as a mistake, but i received the chiffon shell, but there was no slip as pictured. it makes it kind of difficult to wear when the entire thing is sheer. i had high hopes, but sadly, this is being returned. the xs is out of stock now, so i can't even reorder. bummer."	0
"I'm on the shorter (5''3"") side of the spectrum and usually wear an xs in retailer. this is a lovely suit but it didn't work at all for me. it might work well on a taller person or someone who is longer waisted. the ruching and fuller cut leg was not flattering on me at all. it was very tight and pinched. sadly, i returned it."	0
"This sweater was pretty short. beyond that, when i raised my arms, the thickness of the sweater caused the shoulders to rise up and stay there when i put my arms down."	0
"I am 5,7"" 135 lbs the small fit well in the bust but no shape . it was just big and frumpy . it went back ."	0
"This skirt looks great on, i didn't even think before buying it, planning to wear it all summer. so the aesthetic is great. quality and design, not so much. you get exactly one good wear out of it before the folding absolutely disintegrates, it is not sewn in or built to last.   then, it looks like a cheap sarong over a cheap miniskirt. i thought the dry cleaner might be able to fix it, but they said they would have to resew the whole garment, not exactly what you want to hear with almost bran"	0
"This dress is gorgeous as displayed at store. color is vibrant, but the one i ordered looked dull and wrinkles very easily. i wore it to a ceremony and the seatbelt left me wrinkled before i arrived. the top is very wide and best to wear strapless."	0
"This dress was too cute to pass up! i loved it online but when i got it home, it was so tight i couldn't zip up my normal size. the length was perfect on me being 5'7"". the fabric and detail was beautiful. if you have a bust, order a size up. beautiful dress just really snug up top."	0
"I splurged on this pajama set for myself and now regret it. even though the design is adorable, the knitted fabric contains acrylic and started pilling a lot within the first week of wear. after a month and a couple washes, it looks horrible. it may be the worst case of pilling i've ever seen in a fabric. so so disappointed. it initially fit true to size but has stretched out a bit over time."	0
"Maternity like, and although the back is really cool, there is too much material in the front and it is almost like thin ribbed long underwear/pajama. returned."	0
"I agree with the previous reviewer that this shirt is way to sheer at least for me. if you don't mind wearing a cami under it or your bra and skin showing in the back especially, then it might be for you. i did not feel like it was very good quality either the print is really cute, but then it did not button all the way up and i like the option because i think they drape better when they have buttons to the top wether you choose to button up."	0
"Loved how this draped and im super petite 5'1""(32b bust) and this was seriously one of the most ill fitting items i have every owned. i purchased the pxs and it was huge. i hope this has a better fit as the other reviewers seem to have a more positive review. i was just appalled as to how bad the measurements were off. unfortunately the straps are not adjustable so this went below my chest. too sad retailer, please get the fit right!!"	0
"This dress is beautifully made, but it does not flair slightly as in the photo, it stick out like a tent. it might be a good maternity dress. the fabric is somewhat stiff andheavy with a slight texture."	0
This shirt is thin and shapeless. the quality is h&m esque. unflattering. not a fan	0
"I was extremely disappointed when this arrived. it's nothing like the red color shown, rather it's a very dull reddish color. as other reviews have suggested, it is very thin and runs large. i have to return."	0
"I ordered a medium in this and it definitely fits more like a large. i liked the color & the sleeves, but tying the tie at the neck looks silly on me and leaving it open shows too much cleavage. overall, it is just shapeless and too much fabric on me. i'm sending this one back."	0
"The design is gorgeous, the fit is great and the fabric drapes beautifully and is very comfortable. however, it's extremely see thru."	0
"I tried this dress on in the store. i loved the fabric and color, but the fit was huge, no matter how much i sized down. there are full dresses and tunics that are supposed to be loose, but this was shapeless in an unflattering way. i was attracted to the style and color, but the execution left much to be desired."	0
"I ordered the dress on-line. this dress looked pretty, the material was soft and comfortable, the length was perfect, but the zipper was totally out of place. it bulged out in a weird way which made it look like the dress was torn. i had to return the dress. i normally don't see a problem at this level in retailer clothes."	0
"I had high hopes for this sweater and when i found it on sale online, i jumped at the opportunity. i am 5'11"", slender and always wear a small in retailer tops. i purchased this in the mint , size small and as soon as i opened the bag, i had doubts. the fabric is terrible, thin and scratchy. it is not soft and supple as i had imagined. the mint color looks faded and the shape is awful. the length of the arms hits in a bizarre spot, the overall length of the sweater cuts me off at the torso and the"	0
Loved how this top looked online and couldn't wait to get it. i ordered the xs and it was huge and also very short in length compared to the picture online. i love the fabric and design but the fit was totally off. this is going back!	0
"I bought this dress because it was cute, swinging and lightweight -- seemingly perfect for this hot nyc summer. after on wash and dry, the dress is already ripped around two buttons. i'll still wear it but i don't think it'll last until next summer. kind of pitiful since it wasn't a cheap-o dress. also it is big but that seemed to be sort of the point."	0
"After reading the other reviewers i decided to try this out. unfortunately, the material does not fall nicely on me and the belt hits in an unflattering spot. i like the idea but it's just not a flattering cut or material. going back!"	0
"I ordered a size large, however as a large, my chest is large as well. this nighty barley covered me (in the chest region). the rest of the body fit well."	0
"This arrived this week and i was so disappointed. the proportions are all wrong--- from the empire waist to the dolman sleeves, to the weird texture added to the material. if i could sum up this jacket with one word it would be ""weird""."	0
"I loved this top online and even more when i opened it up. however, the quality of the stitching is poor. where the seam comes together at the hip on both sides, the stitching is very loose and appears to be coming undone. i was bummed and am sending it back today."	0
This top is well made and would be cute but huge. this top has no shape and is way big. back this goes.j	0
"I took advantage of the summer tag sale and bought a few tops including this one. i've been eyeing this online for quite some time, so i was pretty excited to get it at such a good price. it came in the mail the other day. it's like christmas morning when you see an retailer package at your door, however, this time wasn't so great. the top is fine. average at best. the top fits true to size. maybe it's the pattern or the cut, but it didn't work well on my body. i recommend trying this on first."	0
"While this is cozy and well made, the problem lies with the unavoidable exposure of the inside of the poncho, which looks unfinished. had the inside been lined or had the hue of the stripes continued through the material, the draped look of this piece would be gorgeous. unfortunately, the faded backside of the pattern (a glimpse of it under model's left hand), viewable through the very large arm holes (and impossible to hide), disrupts the effortless, fluid feel that a poncho should have. i was"	0
"I was expecting a tee shirt, but the material is more of light sweater knit. in the end it wasn't the fabric that was the deal breaker...it was the fit. in my regular size it is too wide and boxy through the body. i also felt like the arms are too big as well. it's going back and i am not going to bother ordering it in a smaller size. it's a shame because the embroidery really is lovely."	0
"Like the previous review said, i was excited to receive this top. i had grand visions of all the ways i could wear it! to my chagrin, when i put it on, it just fell right down and pooled around my waist. i wish there were smaller sizes to order. sadly, this is going back."	0
"The buttons on the back are very tedious. you will need someone to help you. if you get past that hurdle, then you have the look of a little girl in a smock. way too big. like a nightgown. nice quality, but not practical."	0
"This dress is beautiful and extremely well made... if you can get into it. the only way to close the dress is a line of difficult to button buttons up the back. it's form fitting, so you'd better be on your yoga a game or have a loved one or hand maiden to lend a hand. i thought about taking it to a tailor to install a hidden side zipper, but it's soooo form fitting i'm afraid i wouldn't wear it."	0
"Too much fabric, not a flattering top. for reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40."	0
"I had to review this because i purchased before any reviews were up and now that i've received this dress i'm appalled by all the positive reviews!!! this dress is hideous in person. seriously hideous. and even if you can get past the drapery fabric, it's incredibly restricting. the picture online is so misleading. the dress isn't even an ivory it's more of a pea green! so disappointed."	0
"I thought it was going to be so pretty. it is ugly on. the macrame is thick, stiff and rough. the top fits awkward on top where the macrame is and the rest is shapeless. yuk!"	0
"This coat is awful, just awful. i bought it based on the reviews, my husband said it looks like i am wearing a mattress. it looked awful. i really really liked the softness and that it wasn't like another puffer coat, it was also stretchy and the buttons super easy to wear, but the look, style, and design make it very unflattering. it looked so bad that i took it off right away. so disappointing!"	0
This shirt was great for one wear. after just one wash (followed instructions to dry clean) it lost all shape and now hangs like a bed sheet. terrible waste of money on a pricey top.	0
"I liked the design and the shirt did fit well enough, but the thin fabric does not justify the price. it looks like it will get holes in it after a wash or two."	0
"I saw this dress and loved everything about it! i was so sad when i tried it on and it was just too big. they were out of the smaller size, so i had to return it. the dress is well made and the color is just a bit neon compared to the picture."	0
"This should have been cute, but the fabric choice + ruching design made me look like i had elephant skin rippling around my waist -- super unflattering."	0
These could barely fit over my calf and did not even broach my knee. i have big calves but i am otherwise i slim and normal sized woman. these are way too tight and narrow to enjoy or to get much use out of.	0
I loved the shirt until i washed it! awful fabric quality. cheaply made.	0
"So i really loved this dress. i am tall (6ft) and the size 8 was perfect length. i would have worn it with flat dressy sandals. i would say it is true to size. i am not a flowy dress kind of girl but this was just the perfect amount of ""flow"" without making me feel like i was wearing a long potato sack. the back is just gorgeous and unique. here is why i couldn't make it mine. the tube top part is completely detachable and extremely thin. there is literally not much to it and i'm not sure it wou"	0
I ordered a size smaller prr other reviewers but that still didn't prepare me for the sweater's issues. it looks really cute but the quality is pretty horrendous. i wore it for the first time today and already the sweater is pilling a lot on my back. seriously heartbroken.	0
I ordered a size 12 and it was huge on me! very loose fitting dress. i didn't like the material either.	0
"I'm disappointed in these pants, which looked so beautiful online and even have pockets! in person the pattern and colors aren't as nice, the fabric is too thin, and the pants look cheap. the pockets are pretty shallow. the fit isn't good either. i ordered up (i'm between sizes) and they're still not as flowy as i'd have liked. these are too pricy as lounge pants for me to be on the fence about them, so they're going back. if you buy them knowing about the thin fabric and snug fit, they might wo"	0
"I was intrigued by the pattern of this blouse (the purple version) but the design is terrible for me. it's boxy, i didn't like the fabric, and the arm ruffles are bizarre. it's going back tomorrow."	0
"These pants are more like 9"" not 10"". i was very dissappointed. the color is great and so is the fabric. if you look more closely at the model the pants don't fit her either!! they are too small! i haven't decided whether or not to take them back because i am losing weight. i am a 31 so far but these pants are like a 30. i need the color because they go perfectly with a top i bought from retailer"	0
"I ordered this cardigan on sale and it was a wonderful fit and color. just the light sort of cute pullover i was looking for to keep and wear at work. unfortunately, it is poorly made. i wore it once and it already started to fray and fall apart. after closely inspecting the cause, i realized that the threads in the sweater are not fully sewed together, so the minute you put it on, one will start to unravel leading to a domino effect. it is a shame because the design and cut were truly a great f"	0
"This dress had an odd fit. very loose on top with pointy darts, very tight on bottom. fabric was stiff so it didn't move well with me"	0
"Was super excited to try this on, but had to go up 3 sizes from my normal 6 and the waist was still too tight - i was swimming in the top as well. just a very strange cut and unflattering. such a bummer because it's so pretty."	0
"Fun, sexy underwear but rides up in the front. will return"	0
"I ordered this dress in my usual sz 2 it seemed to be tight on the hips , then i tried the next sz 4 and it was tight because ,i realized that the lining was very sticky, and would bunch up underneath making the dress look defective on me, not for curvy on bottom. i think if you are more slim down below this will maybe work but i had to return for this reason. i was considering cutting out the lining because it was so cute, and i really liked the look of the dress, if it goes on sale i may purch"	0
"Generally, i find sizing at retailer to be very consistent, so i ordered this dress in the same size that i order all of my other retailer dresses. the bust was way to small. so i had to go and return this and have the next size up shipped to me. it's till way too small! in addition, the shipping was terrible - the dress was just dumped into a bag with no attempt to fold this, and the right strap was defective! it's so irritating that i have to return this again!"	0
"The cut of the bodice is very strange and unflattering. it is great quality, but designed poorly. returned it."	0
"What is going on with maeve sizing this season? in the past two months, i've purchased two maeve dresses that run very small--particularly at the waist.  having many maeve items from past seasons and other recent retailer purchases, it's impossible to ignore that maeve's sizing is quite off. that aside, the vibrant summer colors and material quality are great. the skirt is lined but billowy and fuller than ideal. strangely, it's a lot of dress yet not enough at the same time. there bodice h"	0
"The fit was not flattering at all, but the worst part was the colors were really dull and not bright as shown in the online photos."	0
"Unfortunately the dress is pulling apart after the first wash ( gentle hand wash cycle). also, there are no bra-straps holders, and my bra straps did show up a lot..."	0
"I was so excited to get this top... and while it is soooo amazingly soft, i still could not keep it. i must admit that i am only 5'2"", so i do think this had quite a bit to do with my dislike of this... but i felt like a matador, which is definitely not what i was going for... maybe if your tall and lean, this would work.  but for me, no way."	0
"I agree with the other reviewer about the great colors, but when i took this off the rack to try one, you can see through both layers of fabric. i thought, insulting quality, for the price. i imagine the holes would start after one wearing."	0
"I love the pattern adn color combo, but, wow,t really flatering on me. too much fabric. i felt like i was trying to hide wight gain or pregnancy or wearing a mumu. anyway, not for me, but others might toll wnat to try in case it was just me... too bad.  length was decent in regulat size though, not too long. just too wide."	0
"Beautiful floral print and while i like the concept of this dress it was a total failure for me. where the knit meets the print hit me at the top of my bust, truly a disastrous look for a bustier figure since the fabric just drapes down and made me look much larger than i actually am. same with the arms, if the white knit had carried down to the elbow it would have elongated the arms instead of cutting them off mid biceps to make them look like giant hams. i'm 5'6"" and a classic size 8 and this"	0
Material is strange. triangle top is funky. this is just not awesome in any way.	0
I agree with the other reviewers - the fabric is beautiful - although i wish they would start making blouses again that didn't require you to wear a cami underneath because of sheerness. i mean for the price shouldn't it be lined or something. when did our expectations on fabric quality get so low. but i knew going in that it would be sheer so i can't really complain too much. plus they are so loosely sewn on that after 20 minutes and only half the buttons undone one fell off. i gave up at that	0
"This dress didn't work for me at all. i'm 6ft tall, 160lb, i usually wear size l 8/10, but based on the reviews i ordered an m. the material of this dress is very soft and fuzzy, color is about the same as pictured, also length is appropriate. dress is very thick and warm, the fabric however has no stretch at all, dress is very specious and shapeless. there is allot of room everywhere except shoulders & sleeves, i thought that area was tight & snug which is strange because it runs large everywhe"	0
"So, ordered online. tried this on, boyfriend asked me if i was buying maternity clothes.  back it goes. super cute but huge."	0
Way too big and had a granny like styling. was very excited but ultimately took it back.	0
"This top is absolutely beautiful. the fabric is great, the cut is nice, etc... however, the buttons are too big for the button loops, which do not have any stretch. it took ten minutes to open the shirt to try it on. once i had it on, i left it unbuttoned. i returned it. (if you can't live without it, you could put smaller buttons on it.) too pricey for a non-functioning top. too bad."	0
A serious joke. i struggled with the buttons for a good 10 minutes and gave up after the 3rd button. i'm not sure what they were thinking.	0
"I got this dress and the material was super fuzzy and itchy. the prior reviews stated it was ""warm and cozy"" and not itchy at all, but i found it to be uncomfortably so. the dress was true to size for me and the length was good. i loved the plaid in the material just wished the material had been more soft and not rough. the material reminded me of mohair."	0
"I am absolutely shocked that so many people love this dress. maybe i should have sized up and reconsidered, but i still don't think it would have worked. the fabric is very soft but that's where it's qualities, for me, ended. the knot felt huge to me and definitely added unnecessary size to my already curvy hips. (for reference i'm 5'4"" and 125, hourglass. 32dd .) the cut at the bottom also felt very strange and restrictive to me, like i would have had to take smaller steps to walk around in it."	0
This looked nothing like the picture on me. was long and very unflattering. belled out greatly at the bottom also. the material was thick which is why i give it three starts for quality. but overall awkward.	0
"I recommend this dress because it is beautiful, stylish and well made even though it did not work for me. i tried the small and extra small. the first - way too big, lengthwise (hit my knees) as well as in the shoulders - the latter to tight across the chest - not for me but worth a try. i am typically a small with usually never have a problem with length."	0
"Although i love retailer, this product isn't the quality or presentation i expect from them. the dress arrived stuffed into a small plastic bag and was a crumpled mess. the fabric wasn't soft and fluid as i expected, but rather was stiff and a little scratchy. i purchased the ecru version, which was also slightly darker than the photo showed. i returned the dress and will keep looking."	0
This whole order was disappointing. the main piece i ordered was cancelled and the two remaining items - this sweater included were poorly made. there was a snag/thread hanging out in the middle of the front of the sweater - tried to tuck it in but it wouldn't stay so i'll be returning it.	0
This sweater is thick and does cover the bra well. i did not find it to be well made. the ribbing seemed to be attached loosely in places. i am a size large with a b cup and a bit thicker through the middle to my middle age dismay. putting this sweater on in coral made me feel like a giant peach. for those with larger breasts it is likely more flattering.	0
"I ordered the ivory of this dress, expecting it to be a nice dress i could wear into my second trimester of pregnancy. instead, i received a dress that looks like a ugly, vintage-gone-wrong curtain of fabric. the 'ivory' is the color of yellowed newspapers. the fabric was cheap and had thread pieces sticking up all over the place. i would've been better off sewing myself a dress out of drapes a la gone with the wind or sound of music. the fit isn't that great, either. big and boxy. it could acco"	0
"The material is horrible, it's heavy and cheap. the skirt does not ""flow"" as it appears in the photo. instead the bottom part of the skirt just stands out like ruffles. am returning."	0
"I purchased the dress with the bow-back shift in peach because i loved it's nautical theme pattern.  when i recurve do the dress, i found it to be stiff and boxy.  being a petite, short-waisted person, the top portion of the stress hung on my body awkwardly.  my bra strap was showing in the back, and the dress needed to be pulled up about 2 inches to properly sit on my frame.   i returned the dress"	0
"As soon as i saw this dress, i absolutely fell in love with it. when i got it, i noticed it was slightly small, but figured i could deal with it. i was packing for my vacation and tried it on again just last night and i noticed the bow is coming off the back. i could fix it, but honestly a dress shouldn't start falling apart before you even wear it. it's cut on the small side. wish i tried the larger one, but now it's sold out. and i was kind of disappointed there were no pockets as pictured. i"	0
On a hot summer 90 degree day the blue ink on the dress stained the dress and my new tory burch bag. i would never have expected that the blue print would bleed all over me and my new dress. great dress and such a wonderful fit...too bad its unwearable now.	0
"Cut out design, no seems or hems.  very disappointed in retailer"	0
"Wore it a couple of times, it is cool and comfortable. washed it and the raw edges are starting to fray. i might get one or two more wears out of it. hand washed and hung dry."	0
"I was so excited to order this dress. i loved that it had a normal neck, nice length, and there wasn't a hole in the back. but this dress is just plain awful. the top fit tight across the bust, it flattened me out like i was wearing a too tight sports bra. then the back zipper puckered and bumped up like there is too much zipper for the fabric. i could not get the zipper to lay flat. the fabric is itchy and very cheap feeling. on top of it all the colors are much brighter than they appear in the"	0
I've been wearing this very comfortable and cute coat for 2 weeks. it is already tearing at the seams somehow. the quality of this is very poor.	0
"I wished these fit a little better. unfortunately, they were a little tight in the thighs and if i didn't pull the waist of the pants up, i had sagging crotch and the pockets hung out. needless to say i made a return."	0
"I had a dress that felt like this in 1993. it jiggles, even if you don't. no amount of spanx can cure a dress jiggling of its own accord. the neckline that i had thought would be classic instead veered into frumpy. all in all i felt like it belonged in a discount store surrounded by polyester brethren."	0
"The small, zipped and laid flat, measures 16"" across at the bottom of the armholes, 11"" at the waist and 18"" from shoulder seam to bottom edge. it's too small for a size 0, and not by just a little! too bad, because it really is very pretty."	0
It's way more distressed than it looks in the picture and that was a no for me.	0
"Poor quality, material looks much thinner and cheaper than pictured."	0
I loved this skirt on the rack. but it was not lined and super scratchy when worn. i could barely wear it for the length it took to try it on. so sad. such a gorgeous skirt.	0
"I'm 5'5 and 130lbs and i was swimming in the small. the arms are very boxy, the sleeves too long, and and it just wasn't a flattering fit at all. the color and design on the front are both nice. the sweater is made in china and very, very itchy. i own wool sweaters and wear them with layers, but there was no way this was going to be comfortable. very disappointed, especially given the price, but perhaps that's why there are so many left at the end of the season and on sale. this one is going bac"	0
It was huge. material looked good but was too bulky. will be returning it.	0
"I loved this dress when i saw it in the store. the colors, weight, fabric. love. love. love.  unfortunately i have to agree with other reviewers, the pockets and the positing of the draw string made my hips look unflatteringly large. i tried on a size 0 petite, which is my usual size. all flowed nicely except for when you get to the pockets. truly disappointed as it was beautiful in every other way. but in the end, i had to pass."	0
"I ordered this because the reviews were outstanding. i am returning it. although the embroidery looks fine on screen, in person it looks cheap and tacky. moreover, the high ruffled neck goes a step too far -- into over-the-top victorian cutesy. overpriced, to boot. obviously, mine is a minority opinion."	0
Material was a tad rough for my liking. the color did nothing for my olive complexion. given the price of this shirt (even with 20% off) i don't think it's worth it. if i'm spending $100+ on a blouse i need to love it and i do not love this one...going back.	0
The neckline is very tight and itchy. the arm holes are deeply cut. the length is not as long in person as it is on the model in the picture. it's short-waisted. it's too bad because the embroidery is very pretty.	0
"When i read car coat, i expect a little more weight. it really is just a thin, long blazer. also, the colors appear different online. i expected a red/maroon with bue and white stripe, so maybe i mis-read completely...? it is actually brown/mustard/beige combo. not what i expected, so it will be a return."	0
"I'm a short girl, but i usually wear tops in a small or medium at retailer. for me, i would have needed this shirt in a size at least one notch smaller than even offered. this shirt is adorable. love the details. i wanted it so bad, which is why i paid so much for a basic t-shirt. still, it was large to the point of frumpiness and could have used some sort of scoop or v-neck to break up the dots."	0
"I saw this in the store and was glad i didn't order it earlier online. i thought it would be beautifully stitched but it was rather flat and unimpressive in person. i like more unusual and flattering pieces, and this just wasn't it. no compliments here."	0
"I loved the look of this top online - it had great lines. i was so disappointed when i received it.  it has zero support/lining and i'm not large chested to need a lot. it's also incredibly awkward to get on and the tie in the back is only long enough to knot it, making it even harder to get off. it was returned."	0
Ordered a size medium as i usually take a medium in retailer coats- the wool is wonderful however the stripped bands are sewn into the fabric which add to the weight. the coat has an odd shape - not a line or straight. the medium was large on me. the bottom edges of the coat did not line up when buttoned and there was no inside hook or button to help even out the bottom edges. sadly this coat will be returned.	0
This open cardigan runs really big and has way too much fabric. even going down a size i felt like i was swimming in it.	0
"This suit did nothing for me. the top has zero support. this would work for a younger woman who does not require any support and is smaller chested. also, the top gapped in the center. it just did not fit right. the top is very thin showing everything. a light padding would make a big difference in this suit. also i could not get a good fit. as i tightened the top, the back would ride up. the bottoms are ok. not renatkable"	0
I loved the way it looks on. fit tts. only problem for me was it was so itchy. there is that small amt. of wool in it. if you have any problem with wool this may not work for you	0
"The first time i wore this tank it started pilling around the arms and down the sides. it is terribly quality, and gets worse with every wear and wash. possibly the worst wear on a new clothing item i've ever seen. like the design and fit, immediately relegated it to a weekend/home shirt because it was unprofessionally pilly and the pills are small so can't be shaved off."	0
Unforgiving to even your smallest imperfections.	0
This dress looks so cute in the pictures-i love the style. ordered typical size and it was huge-felt like many sizes too big.	0
The fabric and colors of this dress are beautiful but the fit is terrible. i had to go up a size to get a fit in the waist but it was then incredibly loose in the shoulders. what a pity. had to return.	0
"This top looks beautiful online. when i got it, it looks nothing like the pic. it's wide, too much fabric, no shape and so unflattering. it's definitely going back"	0
I was really disappointed when i tried this top on. the design and cut of the neckline is very bulky and just off. the cut of the top overall was just off.	0
Very unflattering and no shape or flair. lots of extra material but no swing or shape. do not recommend.	0
"I love the idea of this top, but there is just way too much fabric involved in person! i'm 5'2 and usually wear a small or medium to accommodate a fuller chest. i ordered a small and it fit fine around the chest but the huge swing hem combined with the slightly stiff fabric is just enormously unflattering. i feel like they could have made about 3 shirts out of it. i think the picture must have it pinned a ton in the back, the silhouette is nothing like shown. if there were just less fabric, i wo"	0
"Then this one is for you! so disappointed upon receipt of this skirt, as i had been eyeing it for a while and was excited to see it on sale. based upon the pictures, i thought the black stitching was just an interesting outline detail, but it is actually masking this skirt's ugly secret:  a pouch. yes, it literally has a pouch smack dab in the middle of your abdomen, which does not lay flat. the material also looks rather snag prone and already had a few pulls in spots.                 this one"	0
"Sadly, going back. ordered m, light color option, very difficult to pull over my head, not a good sign. got it on and neckline looked attractive (height w/o being a mock turtle), but whole thing a bit small around middle. could order the l, but i'm not liking the feeling of the fabric, it feels tight with restrictive and nonuniform stretch: 33 cotton/27 poly/27 acrylic and 95 rayon/5 spandex ""contrast"", which must mean the stripes. combine w/fact that the two wide stripes are right at my middle"	0
"This top doesn't at all fit like it does on the model. the mid section is very wide and boxy and the material is thick and almost sweatshirt-like. i typically wear size small or 4, but perhaps an xs might've fit or looked better. sadly i must return this shirt."	0
"At first i was taken by the beautiful lacework and the pictures online showing what appeared to be a loose but shaped silhouette. the pictures must have been staged with pins in the back because, in person, the shirt fits like a circus tent. without exaggeration, there is a surplus of about 16 inches.  the material is still beautiful. and because of that, i haven't decided whether i'll return this shirt or try cutting out some excess fabric to create a cleaner, more fitted shape."	0
"I really wanted to love this top, but there is way too much fabric. it looks nothing like the pictures. it was more like a maternity top vs. a swingy top. i'll be returning this one."	0
"I keep trying to find a peplum that works for me, but so far i have been unsuccessful. i just do not think that my shape and the peplum shape play well together?aside from the peplum issue, this shirt had a massive amount of material and runs large. the material alone is thick, making it a bulkier shirt, then add the volume of the peplum and i looked (and felt) huge. needless to say, this one was returned, sale or no sale."	0
"Did not work for me. whatsoever. the stripes were adorable but the piece just didn't fit like on the model. the collar was practically choking me and the tie just didn't make my figure look the way it normally does. aka i looked frumpy and chunky, which i'm not. going back."	0
So this may be my least favorite thing i have ever bought from retailer. this top had so much extra material it was like wearing a bag or parachute. it looked a million times cuter in the photos.	0
"Granted that i am not as reed thin, or as young, as the model. but i am tall and reasonably slender. i have long hands and small wrists, which would be a factor in the overall effect of this garment. this poncho looked like some sad old stretched out who-knows-what that you'd keep in the car for emergency purposes, in case you needed warmth if the car broke down in a snowstorm -- and i have one of those foldable reflective blankets in the glove box for that purpose. i was looking for a statement"	0
"I saw this sweater on-line and loved it until i tried it on. i'm 5-7, flat chested, 135 pounds and i ordered a size small. the sweater fit everywhere except for my arms. this sweater will work great if you are short. consider making your sweaters a little longer, because i do not consider myself tall."	0
"I purchased this shirt in white and black. the white is more ivory-isn, and is a bit thin/see through. the shirts can be worn with jeans, or dressed up with a skirt. i just wish it was a little more form fitting. i do like the hint of stretch in the fabric! very comfortable as well!"	0
"I love this outfit so much and bought the skirt pictured with the top on the model in high hopes my quest for the perfect date night outfit would be ended. not so. for starters the top is much more of a beige in person. a horrible unflattering color that few can get away with successfully. secondly there is just so. much. fabric. it billows and bunches all over the place to wear it out like that as shown would be silly and to tuck it in looks like i've tried to hard to make it ""work"", lastly the"	0
"I sized way down and this top was still shapeless and tent-like. the sweatshirt fabric overpowered the cute, feminine details."	0
"I bought this in the blue and really wanted to like it--i had plans to check sizing and then order it again in the red, as well! however, this skirt falls victim to the recent design trend of using a pattern for a structured skirt but substituting a softer fabric and (horrors!) an elastic waistband. this ended up just looking kind of cheap and sweatshirty as a result. back it went."	0
"Don't get me wrong, this is probably cute on someone else, but not me. i looked in the mirror and just laughed, it was that bad. so if you're considering getting this, size down. ordered mine in large and it looks like i'm wearing a barrel. the pink is pretty but the horizontal striping did nothing for my shape. the fabric is soft. i'm just over trying peplums."	0
I love the dress as shown in the photo. thankfully i had a chance to see the dress in the store. it is sheer. can see thru it. can not wear this to work.	0
"I wish this shirt would not have had so much material. it would make a great maternity top! if you are really thin, it might work for you too."	0
"I recently bought this dress and wore it once. i really liked it! it was comfy, cute and fit well. but... then i washed it. i followed the washing instructions exactly, but now it looks more like a shirt than a dress and it's completely unwearable. i'm super disappointed because i thought this dress would be a wardrobe staple this summer."	0
"After trying several sizes, including petite and regular, i am sad to return this dress. the regular sizes were too long on me (i am 5'4"") and although the petite fit me just a little short, the biggest issue was how tent like it fit me. i wanted it to look like it does on the model but i just couldn't get the fit. usually i have great luck with cloth & stone."	0
"This dress is adorable in the photo; however, in reality, it fits like a tent. the top would be okay although i would need a smaller size if i were to keep it. it flares out in the skirt to become an a-line and it's just not very flattering. if i had read the reviews before ordering, i would have sized down, but i ordered before any reviews had been posted. sadly, i must return."	0
"I am 5' 7"" - 110 lbs. ordered my normal xs and the bottom portion was way over sized. it fit like a parachute, you could fit about 12 of me in the bottoms and very short. nice quality material, but extremely awkward fit."	0
"Dress is nice but can't be worn without tights or you are at a risk of indecently exposing yourself. it is around 30"" in length so is more of a tunic than a dress. i'm only 5'1 and it was too short . can't imagine anyone taller even trying to wear this !"	0
I didn't realize that there were sequins on the design. they kept poking my shoulders and made the top very uncomfortable. the white material was also not very flattering on me. it went back.	0
"I took the advise of a reviewer and sized down to xs. i am 5'6 and 110. i could take them off without unbuttoning them, they were hugh, even the xs! they looked like a halloween costume. even at the discounted sale price, awful and kind of made me laugh. but i guess that's why they are still available at this sale price."	0
"The color says red but it's more like a rust. i'm 5'3"" so it was long and would need to be tailored and the fabric is so thin i was afraid it would rip if it got caught on anything.  finally returned it without it making it out the door :("	0
"I have blazers in size 8 from this designer and they fit with room to spare. i understand this is a more fitted style, but it is still way too small. size 10 and size 12 were not much bigger. great colors and cute design, but just too small even if you do not plan on buttoning it. i hope they bring back this jacket but make it true to size."	0
I purchased this jacket in my local store. size 10 and runs really small . i love the color combination and design but the fabric in my opinion is poor quality. i have seen a lot of retailer use this poly spun knit in so much of their items and the jacket after bringing it home and looking in the light was already showing pilling. looks like it is worn in an bad way. returned the next day. this was a big disappointment and every time i see this fabric being used in retailer clothes it makes me mad.	0
"This is the tiniest blazer i've ever purchased in a size 10. i usually wear an 8, but sized up based on other reviews and it was still too small. it's very attractive but please size true to size"	0
"It's a cute idea, but it's so low cut and the material is very thin. i was hoping to wear it as a cool, flowing summer top, but i'll have to layer it since my whole bra basically hangs out of it. i'm only keeping it because it was such a good price. also the buttons are super tiny and a little hard to fasten."	0
"Just recently purchased and think it's ok for the price. would never pay full on this one & that's from an retailer shopper who's purchased plenty at full price. design is cute but definitely looks like a sleep shirt esp in the lighter color, so-so on construction - the bottom seams pucker slightly, the pockets bunch up weirdly (steaming/laundering don't help) & the shoulders also hunch up oddly. could be because of the thicker fabric sewn to the knit but laundering didn't help that issue either."	0
"As a beach cover-up this would be great, but i'm surprised retailer calls this a dress and doesn't show on the model how thin it is. it's pretty sheer and i couldn't get away without layering it."	0
"Material is thin, with a fleece like feeling on the inside. hard to describe but almost feels like a really thin north face material. the cut on the sides of chest area is super awkward, shows way too much, would never be appropriate to wear a regular bra underneath."	0
"I normally wear a medium with these types of fabrics but this one was oddly proportioned on me. the skirt was also not very flattering to my hourglass figure, but it at least fit well. the top was baggy and gaped at the armpits as stated by others. i really wanted to like this dress but it made me look 20 pounds heavier even in the places it looked too big on me. i could have tried going with a small but the skirt would have then been too short."	0
"Agree with other poster. this shirt runs very big. i'm all for a flowy, shirt that hides my belly but this is just a tent. i'll be retuning it."	0
"This top is very soft and well made. for my short and curvy figure, it is very unflattering. i considered altering it, but there is no way to do it. it gapes in the front and if you have a waist at all, it won't show because this top is boxy and full in that area. if you are tall and slim, it might be perfect, so give it a try."	0
"The sweater runs large, the sweater is designed in such a way that it looks very sloppy. i would never be able to wear it out of the house. however, the material is exceptionally soft and delightful. keeping as its a great stay at home & lounge sweater, but way over priced for this purpose. if you can get the fabric to lay correctly, you're a genius."	0
"I loved the cut and the stretch in the material made them comfortable, however i found that the material was unflattering for thicker thighs because it tended to cling to the body. it would have been better with some sort of lining as it would have prevented the flimsy material from highlighting imperfections. bottom of pants are not hemmed, so if you want a clean look, you may not like the edges. these were returned immediately as it just did not work for me."	0
"I wanted to like this sporty dress too. i teach at an elementary school and like to get down on my knees st my students level - plus we can get messy most days with our learning and most days are go - go - go being ""on"" every second...the armholes were cut too big and weirdly squared. i didn't like the middle ""ridge"" either as it was unflattering. it was returned."	0
"I bought these last year and loved them, however they came in tall sizes. this year they do not and the inseam is just way too short, even at 33"". im 5'7"" and  they barely graze the floor with no break in the pant leg. i prefer to wear them with boots and they will not be long enough even with a short heal"	0
"The model must have this sweater pinned at the back. the sweater color is true and the material soft as anything, but the fit is ??!! at 5'9"" with a long torso and broad shoulders, the large was still shlumpy. didn't hang right at all, bunches oddly and is not the least bit flattering. my 5'7"" uber fit daughter had the same issue, and she usually makes everything that doesn't work for me look amazing. returned."	0
"Usually i really like deletta and know the sizing and shapes. this top looked pretty in the pics and i thought it would be a nice change from a tee. it was baggy, hung low and the layers just looked boxy and shapeless."	0
"While i love the design and shape of this blouse, the fabric was of very poor quality. i will return it."	0
"Extremely cute sweater, but after having worn it twice it's already pilling up. i'd expect more for a $100 sweater."	0
"This dress is just too baggy overall. i am 5'6"" 140 lbs and a size small was so unflattering. i can't go down in size because the waist detail will get too high on me. it was already a little high on the small."	0
"I saw this one for the first time today in-store and was not impressed. it is a lacey material with an under-layer, so with a different cut other than a swing dress i would have fallen in love and it would have been absolutely gorgeous. unfortunately, i did not like the swing dress cut, especially not in white. i wasn't sure if the designer was going for a throw back to the 70s or a shortened version of my grandmother's wedding gown, but either way it was not working for me. to be fair, swing dr"	0
"I was hoping that this would be a nice neutral layering staple but it simply leaves a lot to be desired. it fits tts, length is fine...the inside is some, but the outside darker material is stiff and cheap (kinda canvas feeling?). the material is super stiff which makes it flare out like like a tent in a super unflattering way. it also is on the thinnish side - it looks in the model shot like it would be a little thicker and warm. this is definitely going back."	0
"I don't normally write reviews, but i purchased this dress in white in 3 different sizes and each dress had the same flaw. the hems were very uneven on all three. this dress was poorly sewn. it's a shame because it looked awesome online. i was very disappointed!!!!!"	0
"So i'm not sure if its just my body type or what, but this did nothing for me. the bottom, which i thought would be too big was actually too small in both the small and the medium (i'm a size 8 bottom) and then when i sized up to the medium it was still too tight and then the top was loose. i just think this one is going to take the right body type. it could look really beautiful on the right person, just not me."	0
"I think this will work well on very busty hourglass figures,or very petite frames; but on my athletic build this shirt did me no favors. i have one of those body types where my biceps are very muscular, and my shoulders are broader than my hips (w/a 34b chest). i typically take a m or a l in most retailer tops, and, had i kept this, i would have gone with the m. ---------- this shirt hit my arm at the low point of my bicep (~1"" above my elbow) and made my arms look huge. fyi, the v neck is very de"	0
I love maeve but this shirt's quality was poor and it was not worth the price. i would not recommend buying this online. you really need to try the blouse on in the store to make the decision as to if its worth purchasing or not...... and in my case this is being sent back.	0
"This top could've been one of my favorites ever. i ordered the rose option and was planning on ordering another color. the fabric is super thin but i was able to wear w/o an extra tank. unfortunately after 2 wears, several small holes appeared around the neck/under the ruffle. i washed this top on hand wash cycle and hung to dry. when i came to read the reviews, i noticed i wasn't the only customer with this issue."	0
"I wanted to love this dress. i saw it in the catalog in blue, and wanted it. however, for some reason i took my sweet time in ordering it, and by the time i did, only the orange was available: but on sale. i was so excited when it arrived, and as i was trying it on, i thought, this is a bit shorter in the skirt than i usually go but it's so pretty... and then i couldn't get my right arm in the sleeve at all. i wondered if i had caught some of the lining as i was putting it on or something, but n"	0
"I love the idea of this top, but wish there wasn't so much fabric. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40."	0
"Bought this shirt on sale. it was super cute in the dressing room, and for the first time i wore it. washed it per the instructions (wash delicate with cold water, lay flat to dry) and it shrunk so much i don't think i'm going to be able to wear it anymore. it was oversized and loose when i bought it, so it shrunk a lot. there is also a small hole all of the sudden, that i have no idea where it came from (wasn't there when i put it in the washer). very disappointed."	0
"As much as i wanted to love this top, it was too flowy and and i felt like i looked bigger than i am (i'm a size 6). maybe a smaller size would have made a big difference."	0
"It's a fine dress, but it definitely runs small, and it's actually a lot shorter than i was expecting, especially since i'm only 5' 3"""	0
"I loved everything about this dress. the fit, the style and the ability to wear in the fall. i wore it once, washed it in gentle/hand-wash cycle, in cold water and laid it out flat to dry- per the instructions- and it shrank at least a full size. it's going back. i am so sad, as i said earlier, i really loved this dress."	0
"The fabric, colors and concept are fabulous but the pleating is overdone is it looks huge not swingy! i am 5' 9"" and 135lbs. and even an x-small was too billowy to be cute. too bad- it's otherwise so great!"	0
"When i tried it on, it was a bit shapeless, but it was on a promo so i decided to get it. i kind off like shapeless. i've worn it three times and washed it gently in the machine as recommended (in a lingerie bag, always) and air dried it. it now has a huge rip on the sleeve seam, and i cannot see how this happened. the inner lining is soft and substantial  but the outer gauze layer is thin."	0
"I love the photo of this and because the reviews were so positive i ordered it. i was shocked when i opened the package. first, the fabric is not the silky rayon cotton blend i was expecting. it looks and feels more like a cheap cotton. it does not have the drape or feel or look i expect in a kimono, which brings me to the second disappointment. it is not a kimono at all. it has no kimono sleeve, no sleeves at all in fact. just a slit in the side of the body of the garment you put your arm throu"	0
"Review title says almost all. add to that that it is age appropriate, unlike other kedia dresses, for the very young. just too cute for words. i have all of the other tk peasant dresses and although youthful they are appropriate for anyone young of heart. this however, on an older woman, looks ridiculous. i would have liked it for those 9 months but even then it would cover quadruplets!"	0
I was really excited when i ordered this dress for na upcoming beach vacation but was very disappointed when i finally saw it in person. it reminded me of those christmas nightgowns from the 90s with the red and white ruffles. pass!	0
Loved the colors but the fit was less to be desired. very wide under arms & too much material. looks more like a maternity dress. i ordered a small petite & would have needed the xs but now it is no longer available. oh well. returning this.	0
"I love the design, that's why i'm going back for a smaller size. i bought a medium and that size was made for someone 50 lbs heavier than i. usually i'm good at choosing my size online, but not today. if you are curvy and round like me still go for a smaller size because this dress has a lot if room. also i wish more clothes would come into the stores to try on, please!"	0
"This dress was cute in the photos but wore like a sack when i put it on. great quality, fabric was lovely, just a little sparkle at the hemline, scallops were great but i put it on, i immediately took it back off and put it back in the sack to return. love the look, it just was terrible on me. i'm petite, 5'0"" and weigh 110# so i'm not large but the dress made me look like an oompaloompa."	0
"I had such high hopes for this dress, but unfortunately it misses the mark completely. the design is flawed in that you cannot raise your arms to shoulder length. for someone who is 5'3, 105lbs, the dress has no shape and looks like something from zoolander's derelict campaign. i think one must have a specific body type for this dress, but regardless, they'll have to keep their arms at their sides."	0
"I couldn't wait to get this dress! i bought it and was instantly disappointed when i took it out of the bag. while the fabric was beautiful, the sizing was way off. this dress claims to be 35"" long, and i could tell instantly it wasn't. it barely covered my rear. i also know it's supposed to be flowy, but it was really, really wide. i can see this working for someone around 5 feet tall who is wider."	0
"This top is really cute and i love the design. however, the first time i wore it, the waste band started unraveling."	0
"The sweater material was really soft and seemed well-made. the back is an interesting twist, but the material creases easily; i can see it looking messy by the end of the day. the main reason i returned it though was because it runs very large. i got my usual s, and i could have sized down 1, maybe even 2 sizes. i didn't like it enough to try a smaller size."	0
This  is more of a cover up than something you would wear out .	0
"Noticed all the 5 star reviews online for the latest pilcro stets- so due to the past 2 years of dissapointment of what was once a great pair of jeans....i was hopeful that retailerpologist listened and went back to the original pilcro stet formula- thick denim, just the right amount of give and a flattering 10 inch rise. walked right in and found them- and i knew right when i touched them- they were still the thin denim that's nowhere near the quality they once were. consumers pay attention and t"	0
This blouse is beautiful and i saw someone wearing it and she looked great. i went and bought this to wear for a holiday party and it is not for people with any sort of chest! it looked ridiculous on me as the pleats started right at the bra line and caused the blouse to tent out in both directions! however - looks super cute on those more on the flat-chested side!	0
"I know this is supposed to look oversized, and i own a few oversized ponchos, but this takes oversized to a whole new level.  i ordered it in my usual size and it was just waaaaay too much fabric - i do not think sizing down would have made a difference.  if you are looking for that, it seemed like good qualify."	0
"I generally don't spend this much on jeans but wanted a nice black pair so rolled the dice during the sale. who can wear these? i'm an average size 12 and struggled to get these size 32s over my hips, buttoned and zipped. i looked like a stuffed black sausage. best for thin frames and even then, size up."	0
It's such a pretty top but i felt that it looked maternity-ish so i returned it.	0
"I hate to be so negative but i can't believe this shirt has so many positive reviews. it is stiff, silver lace and hangs funny if you have a chest. adding a cami undnerneath makes it worse. looks cheap."	0
"Perhaps i should have gotten two sizes smaller, but the knees on these were baggie by lunch. they are very soft and comfortable, but i wouldn't buy them again."	0
"I loved them on when i got them, but they literally frayed apart on my body as i wore them, and i had them on no more than 5 times. it was not a fit issue or a seam issue; they literally just frayed apart in two areas.  while flattering and incredibly comfortable, the fabric was not at all durable...they are not your typical  denim,  they almost kind of a knit feel them."	0
"I bought a pair of these in stone and after the first wash they become all splotchy. i chalked it up to perhaps there was bleach leftover in the my washer. although nothing else in the load was blotchy. i then, because i loved the cut of these pants, bought another pair in the darker blue color. the same thing happened after the first wash. again, nothing else in that wash load was the least bit ruined -- just my new retailer pants! such a bummer-- definitely a dye issue. i called the stores i pur"	0
My husband never has anything negative to say about my clothes until i wore these pants! they are not flattering and kept stretching out until i could pull them off without unzipping them! baggy in the behind and sloppy looking. they are going back asap!	0
"Bought the gold pair and dripped something on them so spot cleaned them with water only. my white washcloth turned bright yellow. the food came out but surrounding area was super faded. so i returned them, took the second pair home, wore them a few times, they stretched out so much, washed them in cold water and they have splotches that are really light. these pants are way too much trouble."	0
"I bought a pair of these a month ago and first time i washed them they came out with light spots all down the leg. i figured i did something wrong so i bought another pair in the same color and one in sage. just washed both pairs according to care instructions (no spills, stain remover, or anything but detergent) and both came out with light spots all down the leg. very sad to have wasted all that money."	0
"Do not waste your money on this. at first, i bought pilcro hyphen chinos short and i loved it. so i bought this pants in store too. i laundry them yesterday and they both came out colorless. i was so shock.  fyi, i did not use bleach or chrolox, i mean i don''t use them.i will return them both. still mad. this is bad quality enough worth it."	0
I wore these pants to work and they fit and looked great! however the first time i put them through the wash they became all discolored and are completely stained and now are unwearable. very disappointing. did not spend that much money to wear a pair of pants once.	0
"Do not buy these pants!  the first time i washed these pants i ended up with big faded spots, and i followed the washing instructions.  i bought another pair and the same thing happened.  i'm out a bunch of money!"	0
"I bought the yellow pair on vacation last week and loved them! i wore them home on the plane and had a pony tail holder in my pocket (basic goody binder), and there is a circle stain where the binder was! so strange! i sprayed them with spray and wash and washed them. the stain is still there and now it is discolored in the area i treated them! they are ruined! i am so disappointed and i only got one wear out of them!"	0
"Similar to others here, these pants were ruined after one wash. the first pair i bought simply faded after one wash, which was okay, but the second pair got weird splotches on the backside. i'd rather not call attention to that particular area of my body;) could've been a great addition to my wardrobe if they were better quality."	0
I loved these pants. they fit perfectly. and then i washed them. like the other reviewers the pants came out with spots all over them. the color seems to have faded in splotchy patterns. so sad.  wondering if retailer will provide store credit or something to make it right?	0
"I absolutely fell in love with this dress in the store and immediately scooped it up in black. wore it 3-4 times on hot summer days and it was perfect! very comfortable, easy to throw on and dress up or down. i decided to hand wash instead of dry cleaning (as i usually do) and after hanging dry, it became significantly more translucent than it had been before! i can no longer wear this dress because you can see everything through it. it's as though the fabric completely changed after being wet."	0
"I know we've gotten to the point that polyester can be acceptable, but sometimes it's still that horrible texture, unbreathable mess. unfortunately, that's what this top is made out of. so it runs big, its billowy, and cute, but i couldn't get it off quick enough because of the feel of the fabric."	0
"I have purchased a lot from retailer but lately, some of the items have been disappointing in quality.verses cost, this being one. the picture is nice but the actual blouse is nothing like this. the size was not accurate so buy a size bigger because of the sleeves."	0
"The picture makes the pants appear flattering and comfortable. but they are not flattering at all. they seemed much bigger than they should have been and the ""fold over"" portion was not necessary."	0
"This sweater is adorable and comfortable, but the poms are barely secured so they just pop off whenever they rub up against anything. i cannot even imagine trying to wash it. unfortunately, i will reluctantly be returning it because the construction is very poor."	0
"While i thought it looked really pretty on the hanger, when i tried it on it just felt like a mess. perhaps it suits other personalities and bodies. i hated that the zipper was in the front; i personally find it tacky and gawdy. while the patterns are pretty, the material felt like some weird fabric wallpaper and i didn't see how the price was justified with how the material felt cheap to me."	0
"I'm petite, but even if i weren't, i think this runs very large, isn't form flattering at all, and overall looks dull. it most definitely does not justify the price. material is thin."	0
"This tunic only barely resembles the photo in person.  first, the color is much less saturated and more orangey than it appears in the photos  second, it's huge. i'm 5'4"" and typically wear 2 or 4p in retailerpolgies' shirts/dresses. i ordered the sp and the dress was at least 1.5 times wider than it needed to be. it hung off me completely boxy and shapeless; and the style doesn't really lend itself to use with a belt."	0
"I almost ordered this online to wear to a party later this week, but i'm glad i waited to try it on at the store (i wasn't sure if i'd like the length of the petite or regular better.) i was so disappointed and didn't end up getting either! i have two bailey 44 dresses from several years ago that are much more flattering and incredibly soft/comfortable. this fabric on this dress was much rougher and it really bothered me that the stripes cut off at the side seams and then don't match up from the"	0
This is a great cut and looks good on. it is a very poor quality material. it balled and frayed in two wears. i returned it to the store.	0
"The black and white photo of this sweater makes it look absolutely beautiful. the color photography looked to be a beautiful rich burnt red color. it simply did not match. it was more of an almost faded version of the rich color. the fit was ""ok"". just didn't love it."	0
"This sweater/tunic is very poor quality - the seams looked like they were about to come apart as soon as i got it. and, without a chunky statement necklace, it looks like your grandmothers apron. there just isn't any style to it - has to go back."	0
"The sweater is very comfy and looked good the first time i tried it on, however the material is thin and slightly see through. also, after one wear it completely stretched out and made the long sleeves awkward to wear without washing in between each wear. after the third time i wore it, i discovered a large hole in the armpit, most likely due to the excessive washing. i would not recommend this sweater."	0
"I agree with the first reviewer exactly. beautiful fabric and ""idea"" of dress (looks stunning on model), but huge and shapeless in person like a tent. not at all what i expected when ordering a 2 petite. sadly, has to be returned."	0
"The xs was too large on me and i'm not a tiny person. while the dress was beautiful on the model, in person it had way too much fabric and fit rather tent-like. the fabric is gorgeous and the dress would have worked if it were more of a fitted style and had half the amount of fabric on the bottom. not flattering at all."	0
"I was really disappointed in the shirt. the blue embroidery is a lot darker than what is shown in the photo, and barely stands out against the black. the photo does not accurately depict this shirt. i will be returning."	0
"This is an extremely flattering dress. i couldn't resist buying it, even though i didn't come into the store looking for a dressier dress, which i feel this is. once i tried it on, i had to purchase it. its one of those things that i know i won't regret because at some point, an occasion will show up that i'll wear it to. its soft, comfy and flowing and accentuates the body's curves without being too tight or clingy. its a classic!"	0
"After reading all the reviews and sizing down one size. i got my top size m, i usually wear m/l depending on the style. i'm 6 ft tall, 160 lb, i like my clothing loose but not as loose as this top. i should have gone to xxxxxs if such exists. no wonder there is such a low leap in price. it is a good quality though, and very nice pale peach color. no would not recommend, unless you wear 3xxxl"	0
"Oh how i love moth sweaters but wow was this one a disappointment. the color is wonderful, the shape is unique and the stitch work is lovely but that's where the compliments end. it's an itchy, cheap feeling acrylic that is too short for my torso. i am truly disappointed that at this price point it was such a cheap feeling piece. so bummed. so so bummed."	0
"This looked beautiful online, but the skirt isn't 100% silk - the strips of fabric have different fiber content levels, with most of them containing some level of polyester. parts of the skirt felt like plastic to touch, and one strip has a very prominent gold sheen that looks cheap. overall very disappointing - this is not at all the beautiful silk skirt that it appears to be online.  a definite return. i wouldn't even recommend this at first or second cut."	0
"If you are over 25, this top probably is not for you. it is absolutely see-thru. great style and beautiful light fabric, but you can see right thru it."	0
The fabric of this looks and feels so cheap it's hard to believe this is anna sui. i would say this is unwearable. there is zero stretch and it is made of itchy textured poly fabric that looks like novelty fabric at best. going back asap.	0
"I was definitely wearing retailer colored glasses (my term for when something looks great on you in the dressing room but leaves you wondering what-was-i-thinking when you try it on later) when i bought this. once i tried this on at home, i basically felt like i was swallowed up by this thing -- there's so much fabric layered in front and around your shoulders that you can actually feel the weight hanging down around your neck, and it naturally sticks out rather far in the back. i wanted to love t"	0
This is very large.  i normally am a s/m and i took this in an x.  it is a beautiful dress in color and fit but picks up any stain and i have had to have it dry cleaned after every use.	0
"I snapped this up under the 20% off top sale and free shipping because it looks so pretty. i ordered a large because i usually take a large or xl in tops. it is huge! i could have taken a medium if not for the lining -- which is tiny! the lining does not cover the chest and bra area and hits the belly button area while the orange part falls down to the hips. and it looks like a block and makes me look wide. who needs that? like i said, a medium would fit better and would not be so wide, but i fe"	0
I was sooo excited to buy this top and it was such a bummer. this top hangs so poorly and is so droopy under the arms. it's clearly poorly made and the sizing was way off on me. i ordered my usual medium and it was so large and wide that i had to return it. it weirdly fit perfectly in the shoulders and arm length as mediums do for me but was so wide and unflattering for my figure (5'8 and athletic). i really wanted to like this top and considered ordering a small to see if it would fit better bu	0
"When i tried this top on, i started laughing. the two rows of ruffles are made of a starchy thick cotton, which, instead of falling by the hips, juts out like wings. it's also huge. cute idea, wrong material and placement."	0
"This looks like the perfect easy sweater with the white shirt appeal to it, but sadly the fit of this number is really off. it looks more like a tent. it must have been clipped in the back or something. i cannot see any scenario in which this would look good..."	0
This looks so cute...but don't be fooled. it is so poofy. it does not look in real life like it does on the model. it poofs way out on the sides and looks ridiculous. i was so disappointed.	0
"I wanted to love this dress, as the length, cut, and color are exactly what i've been looking for. but i was terribly disappointed in how thin and see through the material is."	0
Fits and lots nothing like picture. very wide like a tent dress!	0
"Love this top! it's pretty, unique and well made. i did size down to a small for reference and still have a slightly oversized look."	0
I ordered an xxs online and it's still massive. the only thing i can use it for is a beach coverup. the embroidery is pretty but i will be returning.	0
"I loved the criss cross part of this tank. however, it looked so frumpy on. the cut was just odd and if you are petite it felt like a tent. i was so bummed because that criss cross was awesome but it just looked so weird on. i returned it. the material felt nice too."	0
Loved this shirt when i saw the picture. unfortunately fit was not what it needed to be to keep it. you can't really see in the photo but if you have any chest at all (i am only 34b...so would say of average size bust) this shirt will not fit well. there is a seam in the bust area that cuts across the bust which is not flattering/doesn't fit well . the sleeves were also a bit more tight than i'd have thought from the photo.  really wanted to love this - but unless you have a smaller chest it lik	0
"The styling of this top is so cute but the fabric is thin, kind of scratchy & has almost no give to it.  it is very uncomfortable on & is very restricting as far as movement is concerned.   cannot recommend - back it goes!"	0
"I love the teal color of this t-shirt and the macrame design at the top is beautiful, however, the top is way too large.  i usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops, so i ordered the size s, there is so much fabric below the chest it fits like a maternity top.  i know if i order an xs, i will have the same problem.  below the bust, the top is not flattering and it&amp;#39;s a shame."	0
"I initially liked the feel and quality of the top but once it was on it was much shorter and looser than the picture of the model. it flowed out from my chest with one central pleat in the front and my husband said it made me look pregnant. then came the tedious task of taking it off with such a snug fit in the shoulders. i'm regularly a size 2/xs, 32d and 120 lbs and both size 2 and 4 did not work for me."	0
I looked at this dress for a long time before i purchased it because of the money. i wear a size 2p. was entirely disappointed in the style and construction of this dress. for one thing the lining is bulky and you could never wear it in warmer weather without burning up. the dress as pictured looks very feminine and light weight silk but there is just too much material going on--- thick and heavy. the overall fit was too big and very unflattering.	0
Received this in the mail today and was disappointed. i typically wear a 6/8 but bought this in the 8 as i had purchased another similar top from the same company in an 8. this does not fit the same at all. the top pulled in my shoulder and chest area while had ample room in the body. needless to say i will be returning this item	0
"Sleeves were tight, was difficult to put on ?. for the price, you want to love the shirt. sending it back."	0
"Lovey top in the photos. however, its fairly large and the chest area can make you look even larger. i'm 5'3, 118lbs, 36c. generally wear xs or 2s in retailer tops. ordered the xs but it was just too large and unflattering. the lace work is so pretty. it has potential but the design doesn't work well for some."	0
"Beautifully made shirt however the sizing is way off. the sleeves and across the chest are really tight while the rest of the shirt fits fine. if you get a size larger then the shirt in the body is to large. would recommend if you have really tiny shoulders, arms and chest. such a shame since i really love the shirt."	0
"This top is tight across the bust (i am a 32dd cup) and more trapeze-shaped than the picture shows. if you are smaller busted, it may not flare out as much. also- the sz 10 is what was tight - and i usually wear a sz. 4 or 6, or small-size top/blouse. in the end, this wasn't very flattering as it looked more like a maternity top."	0
"I was obsessed with this top. i ordered my normal 4 and was bummed about the fit in the shoulders. the slight puff was too far in, it didn't hit on my shoulder. so i returned it to a store and ordered a 6. it came quickly but it was still too narrow in the shoulders. i took it to the store and held it against the 4 and the seam was the same length between the neck and shoulder as the 4. both returned. i had no hope for an 8."	0
"This is the first hd in paris top i haven't loved. high hopes for this top since i love the brand and the color. this was an online only item so i guessed at the size, typically order a 4 petite. ordered the 4 regular since the length was already quite short in the regular length. it was oddly constructed, small in the arms but boxy and oddly bell shaped bottom. the lining was tough to keep straightened while trying to put it on. too bad, but it went back"	0
The fabric is great. the design is fun. i thought the dress would be perfect for work and also wear for a fun night out. the fit was perfect up top but the bottom part was to full and a lot longer then i expected. so i had to return it.	0
"This reminded me of big bird in person and just adds volume to your body. i'm thin and usually wear a size 0, so i'm not sure who this may look good on."	0
"The fabric and color are absolutely beautiful. the shape of the dress is strange - fitted and tight through the waist, and enormous everywhere else. it was not flattering."	0
"This has such awful proportions. i'm 5'0 and 100 lbs, ordered xxs petite (in the neutral color). the seam at the bust literally hits in the middle of my bust!! it looks very unflattering, and it's very pronounced. i'm only 5'0 and already the seam hits at such a high point on me. below the seam the sweater is all scrunched up where it's sewed, and it balloons outward and is very square from there down. very shapeless sweater and not flattering at all unless you have your arms by your sides to hi"	0
"I tried on this sweater...love the flowing top, and it looked like the seam would hit right under my bustline. wrong. the seam came right across my bust on a medium; sized up to a large, same thing. this shouldn't happen! not sure who this would actually flatter. the sweater is high quality, and the colors are perfect. the fit needs work."	0
Runs small. arms very short and hits in the wrong place across your chest. would not recommend.	0
"Hahaha..this dress is hilarious! it looks nothing like the image! i am usually a 0/xs, and 4 was the smallest size available, so i ordered it. when i opened it, it felt like 10 lbs of fabric. i thought maybe i ordered a size way too big, until i could barely squeeze into the top of the dress. once i looked in the mirror, i almost fell over laughing. the rest of the dress is huge. i don't believe this dress would be flattering on anyone."	0
"The design is very strange. the inner slip is quite form-fitting, but the dress on top was just massive, like a sack. on the sides were tassels that i could not figure out what to do with. they looked weird just hanging off the side, so i tried to knot them like a belt. overall, this dress was not attractive on. it looks much better on the model. the coloring on the snakeskin print dress is also different in real life, harsher red, blue, and white print not the dusty rose and plum pictured."	0
"I really wanted this dress to be perfect, but the skirt portion flares out in a way that was not flattering. the other reviewer is about 8 inches taller than me, perhaps it works better on a taller frame."	0
"I can't believe the reviews this dress has gotten. i ordered it and was so excited to get it. when i tried it on all of my excitement was gone. while i love the color the quality just isn't there and its not worth the money even with the 25% discount i used. the fabric is not thick, in fact it is quite sheer for ""velvet"". i honestly wouldn't feel comfortable with out a slip on underneath this. second is the fit. i'm 5'6 32a, xs on top 4 on bottom and i ordered an xs and the way this hung on me w"	0
"I ordered these along with the regular ag stevie jeans and there is a definite difference in fabiric and cut. i liked the darker fabric but it was thinner and stretchier that the more ""denim"" version. the cut was also looser in the thigh and seat area which made for a looser, less flattering fit. returned it and kept the regular ag stevie."	0
I was not a fan of these leggings. these were very unflattering. i could see that after wearing these all day they could start stretch out. i just didn't feel like they would hold up for even one season.	0
"I finally found this dress in store today and wow! i cannot believe this cheap looking dress is from ms! they have been among the top at retailer and this unlined, baggy, cheap velvet sub is a shock! what happened? only the color is nice. please get back to yourself ms!"	0
"I was really excited about this sweater, but the fit was terrible. the sleeves were the right size, but the body of the sweater was a tent - absolutely no shape. they must have clipped the sweater on the model. for reference, i'm 5'4 and 120 pounds and ordered a size small."	0
"This skirt is gianormous! i usually take an xl or l, so i ordered both. the waistband on the xl was so huge, i didn't even try it on. i feared it would not stay up! so i tried the large, and it was big as well. i think i would have needed a medium. but as it is, it is not the cute a-line that appears in the picture. (i wonder how they even got it to look like that !?!?!) it is huge, hip-y, and bunchy. yuck."	0
Very small! so disappointed! they did not even have a size for me to exchange a day later when they arrived!	0
"I ordered this online, and when i opened the package, i was impressed with the quality of the material and stitching for this top. it is much nicer than a basic t-shirt.  when i tried this on, the band of stitching that was supposed to go beneath my chest was sitting on top of my cleavage! also, the overall length is listed as 27"" long, but i think that is the back of the shirt. the front of the shirt is very short on me (i'm 5'10""), hitting well above my hip bones.  if only this was much, m"	0
Legs are too wide. the fabric is rough to the touch.	0
"This suit was high quality, and a cute design. however, it is clearly made for a lean body type."	0
"I was very excited about ordering this top as i'm tall girl (6 ft) and i like my back well covered. i liked both style and design of the top on photo but when the package arrived i was very disappointed with the material. this top is incredibly thin and see through. though fabric is nice and soft, it feels more like a pajama top. all curves & bumps immediately stand out and it doesn't look flattering. i ordered 2 colors grey and black size large and returned both, although they were true to size"	0
"The suit is lovely, but it is very long in the torso and gaps at the leg. i was told that it runs small and to size up to a 10. i did, but i do not think the smaller one would have done better. the bust is fake and it turns out when untied. worst of all it emphasizes the tummy. all in all not a good look for me. i am not heavy but i do need tummy support. normally i wear an 8 and in garnet hill a 6. sorry but it went back. i really wanted to like it."	0
"Based on other customer reviews, i ordered these trousers expecting a lightweight cropped pant that would be appropriate for spring and especially summer. however, the fabric is much heavier than what i'd usually wear in the summer . the cut of the trousers were superb though - i like a low-rise or hipster cut which these are.  they are fitted and not oversized like many of the other retailer items i buy, so if you are an xs these will be xs (or runs small for retailer clothing) if you like your clo"	0
Not a pretty blouse - it's quite utilitarian in design - and it runs enormous.	0
"It's thin knit with a unique and pretty neckline, but unfortunately it's scratchy will not last. i just received it and it looks like it would fall apart after a few wears. it's a nice shade of offwhite at least. for me it's a no that will get sent back straight away."	0
"I was so excited to order this top - it looked like it was made of more sturdy, soft cotton, but sadly after receiving it today i found that to not be true. it's incredibly sheer - you'd have to wear a cami underneath, which defeated the point for me. the pleating in the front hides your bra, but you can see it from all other angles (i tried it on with an unlined nude lace bra, which can easily hide under sheer clothing). i was hoping to be able to wear it on its own without a cami and for it to"	0
"I bought this suit based on the great reviews. i was so bummed when i tried it on. the top fit so well but the bottom kept bunching up. my torso is on the longer side so maybe that's why the bottoms keep coming up. every time i pulled the shorts down, the top would come down too, and vice versa. i am 5'5 and 120lbs and bought a 2 which is my normal size. i did like that the top had a bit of padding but that's the extent of what i liked about it. i will be returning it."	0
Runs large. very boxy. white fabric on lower portion of the shirt extremely thin. it did not look as good as in in picture. very disappointing!	0
The cut of the top portion of the dress is off. i tried on the s in-store & it bunched up in the breast area. i ordered a sp hoping the petite would fix the problem - nope - still bunched up. for reference i am a 34b. i would have kept the dress and given 5 stars if it wasn't for said flaw.	0
The top is more of a cream color than an ivory. it's also a bit boxer than anticipated. fit is true to size.	0
"This top is quite boxy and i was very disappointed with the color, it looked as if i'd washed it in filthy water. it's a very dingy white, needless to say it went back."	0
"I really love the pattern and the look on the model, and i thought i would love it. i ordered online, so i did not try on in store. when i tried it on, it has way too much fabric around the waist and skirt. it is thick fabric as well, and has a lining, and the waist has extra fabric for the design, and it has pockets, so it all adds up to be way too bulky. it is not flattering at all and made me look 10 pounds heavier. i am returning this dress. sad, because it looks so lovely on the model. i am"	0
"This tunic looks awesome in the picture. however, it is made of an uncomfortable sweater-like material not left of centers normal skin cotton. i was disappointed once i saw this in person. not a great material for summer."	0
"I got this in a l, and probably i am a m. however, the waist pretty much fit, but the bodice was baggy in a really bizarre way. i don't think a human could actually be shaped a way that would fit properly in this dress. this dress is well suited for a woman with a very large bust, but a small waist."	0
"Wanted to love this- i did love the color and thought the style would work for anyone. but i tried it on and immediately took it off with a definite ""not keeping this."" the side zipper- a complaint by many, really made it uncomfortable. also, the detail under the bust would not lay flat and just looked odd. loved the material and definitely the green print. but i knew i would never wear it. just looked blah."	0
"This shirt was just really missing something for me. i originally liked the patter of the small dots all over the fabric, especially with the sleeves being more sheer than the rest of the blouse. i also am tending to gravitate toward clothes that hide my residual baby fat in my midsection. however, the tie is very high up on the neck and it made me feel like i was wearing a turtleneck. i rarely wear turtle necks because they make me feel like i am choking. in addition, the bow seemed to be too t"	0
This sweater coat is very bulky and has an odd and unflattering shape when on.	0
"I'm 5'7"", 130 lbs. i ordered a medium-regular. the dress fell three inches above my knees. this model is taller than i am, and it falls to her knees....doesn't make sense. i think retailer sends petites in place of regular."	0
After reading the previous reviews i thought sizing down would be a great idea. as soon as i pulled it out of the bag i knew that the xs/s was still wayyy too big. for reference i am 5'3 and a 34ddd and usually wear an 8 but this thing was enormous. it was shapeless and boxy but done so horribly it looked like i was pregnant. it has an adjustable draw string at the bottom which helps to make you look like a balloon. such a disappointment. the design was lovely and it looked very high quality and	0
"This looks great on the model but when it arrived, i couldn't believe it was the same jacket. it looks a bit like a really loose garbage bag on me and no amount of adjusting drawstrings is going to fix it. i really wanted to like it, but even the xs/s was too baggy. also a bit worried based on other reviews that it isn't actually a rain jacket and wont keep you dry."	0
"Saw this on line and decided to ""splurge"" for the holidays. arrived today and is going right back. runs very small especially in the waist. trim is a cheap ribbed fabric with a zipper. fabric is not elegant looking as in the picture, appears cheap and very itchy. sooooo disappointed."	0
"I'm worried about the quality of the shirt. it looks like it may snag easily. i've decided to keep it, so hopefully i will get some use out of it. in hindsight i would have not bought it when considering the price and quality of the shirt."	0
"It's a cute topper. it fits nicely through the shoulders and arms, and because of the a-line, through the bottom. but the chest is 3 sizes too small and i don't have a big chest. the fabric is very scratchy, and mine arrived unbuttoned and unzipped, and i suspect it had been worn.  going back. not tracy reese's best piece."	0
"I'm returning this jacket. i tried it on after it was delivered, and was happy with the weight, cut, and color, although it's more dusty mauve than it looks in the picture. however, the stitching and the zipper are of such poor quality that i doubt  it will last very long. i actually can't get the zipper to zip at all. it's very rough and lightweight, and i'm afraid if i keep trying to force it i'll just end up breaking it. sorry to say yet another retailer item turns out to be poor quality.   thi"	0
"This jacket is just too small for me anyway and i am no way big. i am tall and athletic and this thing looked like it had shrunk in the wash. there are so many better fitting other types out there, this went back"	0
Love the tegan tunic version of this dress. i assumed since it looked identical except for the length that the sizing was the same but i was wrong. this runs so big! i got a s in the tegan but the s in this dress looked like an oversized potato sack on. i highly recommend ordering at least 2 sizes down unless you want to look tent-y.	0
"I'm happy the other reviewers made this dress work because it looked terrible on me. i'm 5,9"" and 128 lbs and it made me look like i had gained 25 lbs. as others have said, the pockets make the dress even worse-it's very hard to get them to lay flat. the material is lovely, soft and i liked the gray color, but this dress made me feel like i was wearing something from an asylum."	0
Love the jacket! so versatile! would probably order up a size if you like a loose fit.	0
"I agree with the reviewer that said this product photo is misleading! you can't possibly wear this sweater off the shoulder as pictured! it does however provide a great fit, i sized down from large to medium...and the brown color is really pretty!"	0
"I love the ethnic colors & the creative woven design of this garment. that's what attracted me in the first place. however, some of the metallic threads had snagged & i thought the loose weave & acrylic yarns would lead to more snags & it would eventually stretch out of shape. also, it's very big. too bad it doesn't come smaller. in the online picture, it must have been gathered & clipped behind the model because it really doesn't fit close like that & the long armholes are not visible online as"	0
"This top looked positively vulgar on!!!! i am a 34d, and it was way too low cut...my boobs were spilling out!!! in addition, the fabric reminded me of a cheese cloth.....it just looked and felt cheap. unfortunately, this top will be going back."	0
"I ordered a large and despite wearing a large in many other items from antrhopologie, this item was too small, especailly across the bust. it was very well-made and the color green is beautiful, but unfortunately, i will not be able to wear it. so disappointed."	0
I usually love a cowl neck sweater but not this one. you can't wear it off the shoulders and it's weirdly sheer too. the only pro is that it doesn't include wool or fur.	0
"I agree with the other reviewer that the belted part definitely gives some great definition for those with a defined waist and that it's a much lovelier color in person, but that's about it for me. thoughts below: _____________ pros: - tts. i ordered the medium for my 36c, 5'9"" frame and found it sufficient. - the color is much nicer in person, as the other reviewer mentioned. it's a richer brown. think ""mocha latte"" in terms of color. - the belt really helps tie it all together and keep it"	0
"This top is so lovely, but runs soo big. i ordered it online and was so surprised when i tried it on at home. i'm normally a size 14, and i was positively swimming in this top. hoping to exchange for a petite sm."	0
"No, but i'm not a small person. i'm 5'8, a size 6 on top, 8 on bottom. i don't love this on the model online, but i saw this on naomi's blog, love taza, and thought it looked amazing. i tried it on in my retailer, and while they only had a m/l, since i'm tall, i figured that'd be fine. oh. no. not fine. it's huge. like, it could almost cover a twin bed. it was a couple inches longer on me than on the model, and doesn't arc down in a drape nearly as well, so just looks, huuuge. i thought i was bein"	0
"Ordered on line and thought these are a great quality as i pulled them out of the box. tried them on and found minimal elastic for the waist. within minutes of wearing, the waist fell down past my hips...glad i was at home. looks cute but will not stay up."	0
"I ordered these pants in my usual size (xl) and was shocked when i received them. the waist was huge and there was nothing in the way of an elastic or tie to keep them up. i couldn't keep them on so, of course, back they go! too bad! the sweater quality is great."	0
"I wanted to love these, they are cute and warm - but they have absolutely no elasticity. i'm so mad at myself for not reading the reviews because i ended up wasting money on shipping 2 pairs of leggings that i ultimately took right back to the store."	0
I saw the colors and texture of this top and wanted to love it however when i put it on it just did not work. the cut was so strange. it runs very small in the shoulders and then flairs out so much at the waist. i even ordered up a size based on reviews. i ordered an 8 when i normally where a small (6) in things. the shoulders were still too small and it was way too big every where else.	0
"#childsize. not sure where this went wrong but it's going back immediately. always wear a 0-2 in retailerpologist skirts, this size 0 runs at least two sizes too small. the material is beautiful, but if i got the size i needed i would be entirely swallowed by fabric. so disappointing."	0
"I loved the look of these pants in the pictures online and i loved the way that they fit. however when i got my pair, the flower placement was completely different. the whole front was black and there were just flowers running out of the crotch seams. i ordered another pair hoping they were just cut wrong, but those were even worse. they looked obscene."	0
"I have quite a few pairs of retailer pants and jeans. my favorites are the cords i got last year, similar to these, so when i saw this fun pair, i had to have them. i ordered both the 32 and the 33 to try on.  they are even more beautiful in person than online. and they are so, so small. it wasn't like they were a tad snug--i couldn't even get the button across to meet the buttonhole. on the 33.  i've never had a problem fitting into retailer pants before. this was an extra-depressing first time"	0
"A truly unwearable slip: scratchy fabric, bunchy skirt, teeny bodice. it feels like you are wearing wrapping paper--the foil kind."	0
"So wanted great pair of sweater leggings...great for running errands and keeping the outfit simple. these are not that. these fit very poorly...i ordered the small, which is more like a large one in the waistline...there is nothing to hold these up and i could fit two of me in them. unfortunately, i thought all would be fine and i discarded the receipt and have worn them a few times~"	0
"I am so sad i have to return these leggings. they're adorable--so much so that my fiancã© commented favorably on them--but as other reviewers have pointed out, there's no elastic or string in the waistband so you have to walk around holding them up with one hand or they'll fall down! why, sleeping on snow? whyyyyyyyyyyy? they're so great otherwise!"	0
I tried on this top and it looked fine until i tried to move. you can't lift your arms. i tried on a larger size but still felt like the movement was limited in the back and arm areas.	0
"I liked the design and i didn't mind that is see through, but i couldn't put it on ! not size 8 what is my usual size , not size 10 or 12, even 14! my shoulders wouldn't go through the middle part and it is not stretchy , so disappointed. i really wanted to like it."	0
"I felt like this shirt cut me in the strangest way. the waistband is very fitted, but there is so much extra fabric above and below it that it poofs out like crazy and made me look like a had a droopy chest and wider hips. it's also see through.   fit is tts."	0
This shirt looks nothing like the fit in the pictures. it is short and very wide. i had read the previous reviews and thought i could take it in on the sides some but it is literally the shape of a trapezoid.	0
"I bought this shirt immediately because of the pattern, when it arrived i was super confused. it's not a tee shirt like it looks like in the photos. it's made with cotton fabric with a tiny bit of stretch. i ordered the xl because i have brought shoulders and 36e bras size and it fits like a 2x or larger. i would say order two sizes down. also it hangs like a maternity shirt. i might order it once it's on sale, which it definitely will be, but even then am not positive i would keep it."	0
"This blouse is a disappointment! it runs so large, it looks ridiculous. the cute is super wide and flared. they must have it pinned on the model. it is not flattering at all. i really thought this could be cute. not worth the money either! it's expensive and ill-fitting. for reference i am 5'3 and 123lbs and wear a 2 or 4."	0
"Sadly, this has to go back. i am 5'5"", 128 lbs and this shirt is super short on me. very short. and it's so wide it's almost a trapeze cut. the overall effect is 50s/60s style maternity shirt. which is disappointing because the fabric is beautiful, the detail is nice in person, even the sleeve cuffs are great. i am not very tall and i'm fairly thin on top so i can get away with a lot of styles, loose and tight. the combo of short and trapeze is just unflattering."	0
If i stopped eating for a couple of months or jumped into a time machine and set the dial for 1990 i would really enjoy this beautifully made delicate blouse. the problem area is evident looking at the photo --the tiny tight fitted gorgeous bodice. i will keep this piece becasue i love it so and the apocolypse is apparently imminent and i have hardly any food in the house.	0
"I really wanted to like this dress. the color is perfect, the design and cut are cut (not always the case at retailer). however, the fabric quality was terrible - a shiny acrylic with cheap nylon lace. it looked like something from a discount store and had to go back."	0
"Retailer has incredible service, and so they let me return this dress even after having worn it. however, this dress cannot be cleaned. i saw a stain on it after the first use, so i first tried hand washing it. however, the black part of the dress came off on the white part, making the stain worse. i then tried dry cleaning it (the care tag allows both) and that produced 3 or 4 new stains where the black rubbed off on the white. it's a beautiful, striking dress (that would be great maternit"	0
"I'm not really sure what the designer was trying to accomplish with this dress. the fabrics and details are pretty but the shape is really strange. for one thing, the dress has a very straight cut so there is not a lot of room for movement and the thin belt makes the shape even worse. i felt like i was wearing a really fancy garbage bag. also, the way the bottom flares out is just strange considering the cut and length. i really wanted to like this dress but unfortunately it was a complete miss"	0
"I bought a petite medium and the length was right, but it fit like a potato sack. it was quite comfortable, and didn't look completely terrible from the front, but from the side, it was terribly unflattering. when i tried it on my boyfriend saw it and said it looked like i was wearing a nightie. i don't do form-fitting clothing, but this was the exact opposite and flared out every which way. it's got to go back."	0
"I have never written a review before, and i love retailer and shop here often. however, i am so unhappy with this shirt i wanted to share to save someone else money. it is such poor quality, it looks thick and flows in the photo, it is very thin and it itches so bad, i could hardly even stand to try it on when it came in the mail. i will deff be taking it back, and do not recommend it at all."	0
I had to return this blouse because it ended up been too small and super itchy. im kind of busty but medium usually works and this one was super tight across my chest. not comfortable at all and the fabric is kind of a sheer with the sparkly lines in silver. wouldn't recommend it.	0
The material is so thin and so itchy..like other reviewers stated..it itches so bad and feels like sandpaper..i thought it would be ok to wear a tank top underneath but sleeves are still itchy. otherwise the design is great and the long peplum hem is very pretty and would look great with skinny pants or leggings and boots	0
"Way too much fabric; sticks out like jodhpurs but from the hip - eek! might be a great dress in rayon or a drapey fabric, but the extra fabric just piles up on itself... the outer layer also doesn't feel like it will breath. add the cotton lining, and i think it will feel miserable in the heat of the texas summer. returning."	0
"I am of average height, but these pants are so long!! i considered altering them because i like the print, but i don't think it's worth the effort for workout attire so they're going back. shame!!"	0
"I am not in love with this top and will be returning it. from the front it looks like a basic tee (which i expected) but the back ""x"" is too loose and slumps to the side so that it doesn't look like an ""x"" as the picture shows. so basically the focal point of the tee falls short."	0
"I ordered this dress online. the previous reviews were accurate that it runs small, particularly in the waist. i normally wear a 0 or 2, but i ordered the 4. it fit my waist and hips but was slightly loose at the top even though i am a 34c. i liked the look, but it had a hole where the seams had come apart between the black stripe across the chest and the main fabric. additionally, the black squares were pulled in several places with threads sticking out. i returned it immediately."	0
"I thought this top would be a little more form fitting than it is. there is so much extra fabric near the bottom it is almost like a swing style top. the fabric will most definitely snag, as it is not a linen or cotton top material but rather a silky type and also very thin - not very good quality. i got the smallest size possible and it was absolutely huge, everywhere but the neck."	0
This suit is absolutely gorgeous but it really will only fit a very short waisted gal. it fit perfectly in the body and in the bust but just was not long enough for me to lift my arms up and my size c cup boobs to not pop out. i was very sad to return it :( i am a size 8 with c cup boobs and ordered it in a medium	0
"These pants fit tts and are ask pictured in length on me (5'5""). i can go between a 4 and a 6, and tried the 6 and they were fine. that said, the fabric completed turned me off. it is that sort of stretch fabric with a sheen to it. i did not find them to be the wonderful wardrobe basic i thought they'd be- the fabric is just too stiff, and the sheen made them feel cheap, unfortunately."	0
"I purchased these pants while on vacation because i thought they'd be the perfect addition to my comfy travel wardrobe. on my second wear, i happened to be on a long-haul flight when the entire side seam split about a food long on my upper, outer thigh. luckily i'd packed a back-up dress. the pants weren't tight at all, but the seams wren't strong enough to handle a little pressure from sitting i guess. poor construction. i would not recommend these."	0
"Within 2 washings the color faded to a not so black black, like a pair of pants that has been washed over a year's use. after 5 or so washes the hook and eye closure began to fall off. the pants fit well, albeit a bit short (i'm 5'9"") and they run small. i sized up to a 6, when i usually am between a 2 or 4. i let the hem out, sewed the hook and eye closure back on and redyed them, and now they are good to go, but for nearly $90 i don't expect to have to do this much work. these are not my first"	0
"I loved these pants. the fit well and were flattering. unfortunately after three wears, they came apart at the seam. very disappointing and frustrating."	0
"Like previous reviewers have said, these run a bit small and i'm surprised no one's mentioned that these are very high rise. for reference, i'm 5'7"", 130 lbs, 34-27-37, and am an retailer size 4 in tops and pants. i really wanted to love these pants, but even after ordering a size up and trying on a 6, i was still not in love. and the other reviewers are right ? the back zipper is kinda hard to zip up. the top of these pants are exactly the same as the essential flares, so if you're thinking of ge"	0
"These would have been the perfect black pants! great cut, love the wide band in the front, true to size, quality construction. but a zipper in the back?!!! i had to ask my husband to help me zip them up. perhaps they would be easier to put on if my bum were a little smaller, but the pants fit perfectly - they were just too hard to put on. sending them back, since i don't have an assistant to zip them up whenever i need."	0
I had high hopes for this top but once again it is just a big boxy too much material top. i get the style but if it adds 10lbs to your middle area its not for me. it is a thin material so it does hang nice.	0
I'm 5 ft 7 125 lbs true size 4 and these pants made me look like i had boy parts. super disappointed!	0
"So sad becuase i like the design. i would not recomend the lack to anyone that does not live and work and shop in a completely immaculate environment. i wore this to work the day after purchasing and within three hours i honestly looked like i had slept in this sweater for three monthe straight. i had to take the sweater off and work in a t-shirt.  the marigold color may be better than the black abut showing lint but something intrinsic to the fabric really attracts lint like nothing i have eve"	0
"Ugh, i hate that this didn't work! the top shoulder/sleeve portion is so pretty and unique, but the fabric is overall this and cheap feeling, the length is too short for how flowy the shirt is (the sides go way up on me). the fabric feels like something that would fall apart after one wash. back it goes!"	0
"I loved the style of this shirt so much that i bought two of them. unfortunately after washing the turquoise one, it sprang several holes. the same thing happened to the second one after one wash! i purchased several of these shirts in the tank style over this past summer, and they have washed and worn great. i think the fabric quality and craftsmanship has gone way downhill at retailer lately. very disappointed."	0
"I ordered this top in a 14, my usual size, and it fits fine, but it is way too short-waisted! it looks nothing like what the model is wearing. her top comes low on her waist, almost to her crotch area. mine was just about 2 inches below my belly button! it was almost as if they accidentally cut off the lower half of the top at the factory! very strange."	0
"I really wanted to love this, but it was just too voluminous to be flattering. i am typically a size 10 or 12 in dresses and jumpsuits, and the medium was billowing around me. also,the elastic waist hit me low and bunched in an unflattering way. it had to go back."	0
"I was debating getting a large in this top but went for the medium, boy is it huge, the jersey fabric is quite thick which makes the sleeves bulky and uncomfortable, even the small would be giant!  for reference i normally wear a size 8/10 my chest is 34 e and this was just so so huge, it hung so badly of my chest that it looked frumpy and made me look bigger than i am. the colours are true and nice and vibrant... definitely size down with this one"	0
This top is gorgeous and i exchanged it 3 times hoping it would work. i originally got the size a would normally wear (a 6).and the arm holes and top were extremely tight and the top was short so i sized up and still had the same problem. i then went all the way up to a size 14 in order to get the length of the shirt log enough but now it is quite large around my hips. i love the detailing of the shirt but unfortunately if you have any chest at all it will not fit	0
"I love cotton fabric, so i was very excited to find this shirt in gorgeous fall colors. i have the dark red/burnt orange color, and it is pretty. but i have worn the thing once, and today when i put it on again, i found 2 holes on the front of the shirt. so disappointed."	0
"Absolutely beautiful top, worn once...hand washed and that's all she wrote..ruined!! the black trim bled all over the top!! i tried everything you could imagine to get this back to normal! do not recommend!! :("	0
"This is huge. i thought it would be oversize but with a bit of shape. there is no shape to this and is a lot of material. i ordered an xs and typically wear an xs or s in blouses, sometimes medium in sweaters. it seamed like 2 sizes too big. the material is very soft and the collar is nice. there is a ribbon tie at the waist. the tie is wimpy and could be nicer. when tied, there is so much fabric the is gathers and looks like i have no waist."	0
"I have been looking for an off-white vest and thought this one would be perfect, except it is going back. i am 5'9"" 150 lbs. medium is my normal top size, but this medium was tight even though the design looks relaxed in the picture. no buttons, so no way to close it. unlined and the design and fabric look more casual than the photo. not worth the price."	0
"Love the fit of the jeans just wish there was a couple more inches at the bottom:) these jeans have a 23 inch inseam not 26, so they hit at a very odd place on my calf- return. for reference i'm 5'8,"	0
"I tried on an xs and it was boxy/roomy in the torso and the pocket on the wrist/forearm area made my arm look too bulky when i rolled the sleeves up like the model pictured. i love the idea of a relaxed fit cropped leather jacket in a versatile taupe color but when i tried this one on in person, it took me back to my childhood. i used to help my dad wash his cars when i was a kid and he used a leather chamois (""shammy"" for short) that was awesome for soaking up water. and that's what it felt lik"	0
"This sweater is so cute and seems high quality. i would love to keep it but it is way too cropped for my taste, going down just below my mid section. i wish it had been cut longer- i would have kept it."	0
"I don't have a large head but i could barely squeeze this blouse over mine. i also ordered the xs even though i'm usually a small and it was still blousier than i would have liked. already returned it. on the plus side, it's gorgeous."	0
"Got the coral reef color in a size medium. for reference, i say i am 5' 4"" because its easier than explaining that i am really 5' 3 and 3/4"", 138-140 lbs., 36c bra. size-wise, i am all over the place. recently i lost weight and have been buying smalls and mediums and anywhere from an 8 to a 12 from retailer. i so wanted to love this suit and am still in love with the fabric and colors. everything in the medium fit except for the bra cups. i am not especially big but there was zero cup room."	0
Weird fit and the tie just add to the problems. i think i'd like this a lot more if it were just an open cardigan without the tie. the tie seems like an after thought. it's flimsy and it just makes anyone wearing this look like a house -- no matter there size. i ordered a medium black and it's already in the mail!	0
"This top really is lovely. i had high hopes of it looking smashing with black jeans. i wash everything before i wear it. though this garment says it needs to be dry cleaned, there was nothing so delicate about the fabric that it had to be dry cleaned. so i hand washed it with delicate soap. when the lighter colors came into contact with the black, the black immediately stained the light color. i tried putting some stain remover on the black stains, rinsed and hung it above my bath tub. it is cur"	0
"I want to love this shirt, i really do, but it's huge! the top is tent-like, which would be adorable with skinny jeans, however the length of the back dips so low, the top kind of reminds me of pajamas. the color is beautiful, more like a light grey heather, and the white piping is like a shimmery ribbon material. overall, the top is cute, but it dips too low in the back and the bow weighs down the back of the shirt, so it makes it hard to adjust it in the front. sadly, it's a return."	0
"I thought this dress looked so cute and comfortable and was excited to try it on, and i was majorly disappointed. it was incredibly unflattering, in every way. as a few of the other reviewers mentioned, if you have any sort of bust the dress will not hang nicely, the waist band was too high up and made me look pregnant. i'm 5'2 and curvy and usually take a lg in retailer, but this...ewww! i will say the color and material are gorgeous, but i'm guessing this is the type of dress that would look bes"	0
There are darts that are not shown in this picture that make the dress ill fitted. not sure why they are not in the picture and on the dress. i wish the pictures shown were more accurate.	0
"I was hoping these would be like some of the lace shorts i bought from retailer last year that i loved so much. sadly, no. first of all they run small. i am between a s and xs in most brands, bought a s in these because i like my shorts on the looser side. these felt a little snug and short, but i decided to keep them. the first time i washed them, they were ruined. i followed the directions exactly and even put them in a lingerie bag in the washer, plus a delicate cycle, no dryer. the lace is man"	0
"If you have any curves, avoid! it is not flattering. the striped side panels look odd with the flow of the dress."	0
"I am a size 2 and the skirt fit however it is so thick and voluminous, it looked like a pirate sack. it's unfortunately going back."	0
"Dress is pretty, i was disappointed by the slip which is too small like previous customer. i am an inch taller than the model and i feel more comfortable it being a tunic with leggings. nice but not nice enough to keep, i am returning. :("	0
"I really wanted to love this shirt! the colors are gorgeous, very vibrant and just as shown. the fit was all wrong on me. i ordered the petite xxs and it was still too boxy. and, it kept shifting so the front collar of the shirt would ride up into my neck. it looked like a sack on me. for reference- i am 5'2"", 112lbs...with a small frame."	0
"These are a beautiful color, but run large. i ordered my usual size and they are falling off of me. they are very low rise so i don't think i'll be trying the smaller size, can't even imagine them being lower. also, they are cropped, that's hard to tell in the picture."	0
"I tried this dress on in a 6 and a 4 (a 4 is a little small for me but it looked so loose and flowy i thought sizing down would be a good idea). the 4 fit in the outer layer, however as the previous poster mentioned, the lining is super tight. i couldn't even pull the 4 lining down over my hips. the 6 was far too big in the shoulders and arms and still too tight in the lining. not sure what when wrong here but it's a shame because it's a really cute dress."	0
"I'm sure there's someone out there who will look good in this but it certainly wasn't me. admittedly, i'm a less than ideal body type at a curvy 5' tall. still for a taller person this shirt runs short, for a curvy person this does nothing to accentuate a waist, for a short person this pattern is very busy even if the colors are beautiful, for a busty person the gathers around the chest make for a very frumpy look, and even for a short and thin person this shirt runs too big to get a good fit. c"	0
"Super cute dress online on the model. what you can't tell from the picture is the slip underneath is not true to size of the dress and the outside layer of the dress is more sheer than the picture shows so you can tell the slip underneath is very tight. it might be my body type. otherwise, it's super cute in person and i wish it would've fit better!"	0
"I assumed at the price point this would be a high quality t-shirt/sweater. unfortunately, it is made of cheap looking material that is 50% acrylic and see-through."	0
"This is a beautiful vest. i love the color-blocking, the modern and structured style, and its versatility.  i bought it with a defective item discount because there were some stains. i promptly took it to the dry cleaners and was informed that the black would bleed onto the white paneling if they did a full wash. they spot-cleaned it, and it did bleed. although the tag says to dry clean this baby, the black dye will bleed to the white fabric. i'll be taking it back into the store today for a ref"	0
"Looks like a pregnancy top. a lot gathers in front and back. added 10 pounds to me. not flattering on, much longer than on the model. and the color is not white. it's white with a weird tan/ taupe stripe. i returned it same day i received it, which was disappointing."	0
"Sizing is just getting unreasonable, and nothing fits unless it's a crew neck nowadays. this v-neckline would have been perfect if pictured as on the model, but on my 5' 4"" 115 lb frame, the xxs petite neckline came down so low my bra was exposed along the eyelet trim. additionally, the shirt looked like it shrunk in length, and wouldn't have covered a belt on my pants. it also did not match the product description and measured 22"" from the hps to hem. i'm unsure of how when pattern grading an i"	0
"Well, i wanted to love it and it was just too much. i think it is a bit wider and weirdly baggier than it should be. i also feel it should be fully lined. it was not. the exterior wool and pattern is very nice. maybe if it was lined, a smaller size would have worked better, but for the price, i needed more. i also would have liked some sort of option for tightening the waist a bit when zipped up. i realize this isn't in the picture, so no expectation, but upon trying it on and seeing its boxines"	0
"This dress runs so large, why did they not make an extra small. the material and detail are great the flow in the back is different but is flattering. i wish wish that they made this in the extra small, i was swimming in it, there was no way to fix it so it went back"	0
"Runs extremely large. i got an xs and am 5'4"" 115lbs and this would have fit someone who typically wears a size 10-14 and is 5'6"" and above. very disappointed with the size. the quality of the fabric wasn't great either. i wanted it to work so bad but just didn't!"	0
"Wow this is huge! i'm all for the tent-look with the right style, but this was absurd. i could have fit two of me into the width, and with the peplum style, extra width doesn't flatter anyone. the fabric is also so thin that it doesn't hang nicely, it kind of floats around the body. if you want a wide top, then this is perfect, but if you wanted something that hangs nicely, look elsewhere. i purchased a petite s, my typical size."	0
"I just got this in the mail the other day. i was really excited and then crushed. one, buttons go all the way down and not what is in the photo. it takes it from hip whimsy to granny old lady sweater and then the minute i put it on it started pilling. it looked old and i wore it about 6 hours. i also used the roller lint remover on it and it pulled off one of the eyes on the snail. it is soft and felt comfy but look raggy and therefore it is going back. too bad but not what i bought and then not"	0
"I really wanted to love this dress, but i think the proportions are very weird. i'm 5'7"" and usually go for an eight in unstructured dresses and a 10 in more structured dresses. it runs small throughout, and is too short for me to feel comfortable wearing to work. the front is nicely detailed, but the back looks weirdly forgotten and could use more detailing. i tried on three different sizes (8,10,and 12) and they all pulled weirdly at the chest. there's a little slip that goes with the dress, w"	0
"This dress is a potato sack! from the picture i thought it was going to be a cute drop waist dress but the tailoring is so weird!! and it's huge on me, so maybe it would be better if i sized down but again based on the tailoring i think not. also the fabric is strange, not at all what i expected. i'm so sad :( i was really excited about this dress."	0
I am 5 '5 and 119 pounds with an athletic cury body type. the dress wore bulky and ran large at size 2.	0
"I have never had a purchase go wrong at retailer, which is why i am was not hesitant to spend this much money on the blazer. however, the quality is very poor - it feels like it might fall apart after one clean. also, the buttons where not sewn on properly. i wear an xs and the size was a good fit, but the overall quality was not worth the price (or even close to it)."	0
"Loved the fit and colors, but the fabric is very thin and see-thru. i tried a nude cami underneath and the cami was completely visible. it did not look appropriate for anything that i wanted to wear the top to."	0
"Was excited to receive this dress, as it had some great reviews. however, of the love was coming from the 5'5""+ set. as a petite, this didn't work well for me, and the fabric flattened me out in the bust in an awkward way. returned."	0
"I ordered this top in white along with the meadow rue lace sleeve top. while they are the same price, they aren't even close in quality. this top is one of the sheerest tops that i have seen. the trim, pocket and the lace-up tie are made from sheer type material that was twisted and didn't lay right, and the tag sewn inside, was sewn with red thread and showed through, very visible. i don' t think it would hold up after many washes. i returned this one and ordered another color in the lace sleev"	0
"I ordered this in a l online, and wasn't a fan when i received it. the colors are pretty bright, but they also look cheap in my opinion. it also had an awkward fit, because of the material there is no give at all, it was really tight on my chest (36d) for reference. and it was also pretty short, and i'm short! it barely hit the top of my pants...and i'm 5'2! back it went."	0
"I should have read the reviews first before ordering this top/!. ***buyers beware**: you will not get the same top delivered to you, as is shown in this picture. the top i got delivered does not have the little straps at all, and while there is a bow in the back, the back sides do not come together the same to form the bow. i hate to write a bad review, but come on retailer! i'd never expect this from you. it looks like any other peplum white top, not something special like the picture is o"	0
I loved this t-shirt when i first tried it on: a good cut--not too drapey or fitted. but then i washed it (laid flat to dry) and it shrunk so much that it's unwearable now. so disappointing.	0
"I washed and dried this in my dryer after one wear and it shrunk to the size of a toddler shirt. i dried it on medium. i can not really wear it unless i want to show off my belly. i loved the color (lilac). fit, and style when i received it and immediately put it on. so sad about the shrinkage. for a $58 shirt i expected a bit more. retailer should suggest air drying the shirt. so bummed and disappointed!!!! i would not recommend this shirt unless you can remember to air dry it every time."	0
The back of the shirt has a tag stitched in with red thread that goes through to the outside of the shirt. it is very visible and looks terrible - especially since the back is the focal point of the shirt. do not recommend	0
The shirt is very soft but it felt very large and unflattering. the back felt bulky and looked awkward. definitely returning.	0
"I was bummed about this top. detail on back is pretty, even so, not worth it. i'm usually an xs i'm  120 lbs and it fit true to size. guess i had higher expectations. i'm feel consistently let down with what the pictures convey and the actual item when it arrives in person..."	0
"I brought this shirt for a vacation, it fitted well and was flattering. totally a comfortable wear, however, after 1 wash on delicate & hang dry small holes appeared near the bottom. i am hoping i can return it. not worth the money."	0
"I ordered a regular size s and it was way too boxy for my body type and shorter than the stated length. i don't know if the length stated is from a size m, but the small was definitely shorter (in the front at least).  if you're petite with curves like me, it's not a flattering cut."	0
"I usually love tops like this, i bought this is the store because if was so soft. got it home and was so disappointed because it is not very flattering at all.would be a great house top though because it is soft enough to sleep in."	0
"I'm 5'4"" 120# , 34d. this dress did nothing for me. the seem on the side with the knot doesn't look right. it's almost on the side but not really. there's a seem down the center of the butt from the waist. it looks weird from the back because it's such a fine striped print. not flattering at all. the dress is comfortable due to the stretchy knit and it has a stretchy knit lining. hit me just a bit lower than on the model."	0
"I loved the fit and vibrant color of this dress. it's loose and flows but doesn't look like a potato sack. i wore it once and got a ton of compliments. that said, i hand washed it, as the tag states, then let it line dry, and it shrunk to half its size! i re-checked the tag and noticed that under the hand wash instructions it then states ""dry clean recommended."" boo. so disappointed that i spend over $100 for a dress i wore once."	0
"I wanted this sweater to work but sadly it failed. first, the pink was way to sheer for my liking. the sheerness caused a weird color overlap on the stomach area. then the band at the bottom was too tight causing a weird ballooning affect. a shirt underneath could work but it takes away from the beauty of the knit. the soft pink is gorgeous but not good for medium to light skinned folks."	0
"When i received this dress in the mail, i was thrilled. i loved the color and the style, although a bit too much material but comfortable. when i went to show my husband the dress, his first comment was very sexy. i can see your underwear and your skin!!! i don't understand why no one mentioned this in any of the comments on this dress. when i went into the light i saw that the dress was see through and i sadly had to return it."	0
"The print, colors and fabric of this sweater are lovely. the design is quirky to say the least. i ordered a small, as i usually do. i am 5'2"" and weigh 120lbs. this sweater somewhat gathers or balloons out at the hip area and is so huge that it looked like i was wearing a giant table cloth or stadium blanket. it looked like i had a pillow stuffed in my backside because of how the sweater gathers up at the waist. it's not flattering at all."	0
"Buttons were broken off when i opened the package, stretchy at waist, not good quality for the price."	0
"Great color but frumpy fit. if you have any bust, it looks a bit like maternity"	0
"I purchase this top of ""what i thought to be a beautiful denim tunic/top"" in a small on the sale rack with additional promo with beautiful details , but what is going on with the mid-section where there is at least 6 inches of space where there is no button or way to close the lower placket! and the lower bottom of placket is sewn shut so it makes the mid section bubble out, but why no buttons to close what would be a button down top???? you can slide your hand through this open space and it ope"	0
Dress just did not fit will around the hips.  also the string belt was defective - basically about to come off.  looks like someone may have wore it and returned it.  was not flattering at all.	0
"I actually had no problem with the neck hole of this shirt, even with the xs size. however, i had a huge issue with the bottom eyelet section. it's so tight! it stretches across my thighs and looks so funny, as the top part is still loose. i tried moving up to a size small and still had this problem. maybe just not for girls with thighs ... very strange fit."	0
"I loved this shirt and attempted to buy it - however the armhole is so small i couldn't barely get the shirt off and almost had to call someone into the dressing room to pull it off of me. i'm usually a 6 and i tried on the 6 and 8, and both shirts had the same problem. it wasn't exactly the sleeve that was too tight, but the arm hole that was not big enough. it pulled across the top of my chest and was not roomy enough to slip in and out of. which was odd because the rest of shirt was fine. i d"	0
"I have a pair of mih jeans that are the only jeans i own that i absolutely love. everything about them. this jumper looked versatile, useful and fun, so i splurged during the 25% off dress sale.  my experience with mih is that the sizing runs true, or european, and thus small. i ordered this in a medium and it is gargantuan as well as virtually shapeless. it looked horrible from every angle: front, back and sides. i cannot imagine it having more fit even in a smaller size.  the fabric is nice, p"	0
"These were perfect in the legs, nice and stretchy, but problematic in the waist. i'm generally a 31/size 12, but i had to squeeze to get them to close. they've already gone back. if you have a tinier waist they'd probably be fine."	0
"Loved the design and quality of this suit but the cups seemed huge. i weight 135lbs 5'6"" and wear a 34c. i bought a large in this suit because other reviews said it ran small (normally i wear a size medium) i did like how it fit everywhere expect the chest. i'm wondering if the medium will still be too large in the chest and hoping the rest would still fit okay. not sure i want to go through the hassle to exchange and it not fit again! it's so cute otherwise and would be perfect if you have a la"	0
Disappointed :-( this top has a boxy shape and looked like a mini moo moo on me. i have a similar shape as the model and it looked nothing like that on me. bummer! i liked the quality and weight (not too heavy nor too light) but shape is unflattering. it's going back.	0
"I ordered this online, and took it back the day i got it. i could not fit the neck hole over my head, therefore i couldn't even see how it truly fit. i had high hopes for this dress."	0
"I am petite and ordered size small, and it came looking like gym sweat pants. the material was very nice, but in terms of the waist and length size, both run incredibly large. the cuff of the joggers are also not elastic at all, and hangs loose widely. will have to return this item, unfortunately."	0
"I tried this dress on in an xs petite. the dress runs slightly bigger, it sort of looked like a tent on me, whereas other xs p dresses at retailer fit tts. the other thing is that the dress just doesn't look like an almost $200 dress. the band that runs across the bust goes under the arms too. it isn't sewn in though, and it was folding down under the arms, making it look like its ripping off. the collar too seemed to pull down right in the center, as if the material was too heavy to stand it's we"	0
"I love jumpsuits - except for this one. the fabric is blah. it's between plastic and the material that they make flags out of. the print is adorable and the buttons up the front are super cute. the tie thing that's just hanging there?  it's a tie thing that just hangs there. it doesn't  look good hanging, and it doesn't look good tied.  this jumpsuit had so much potential. i'm definitely disappointed.  for sizing reference, i am 5'5"", 135, 34c and a small was perfect."	0
"I ordered this tee despite the price. the fabric is very thin and the quality was poor. nice concept for a tee, but failed in quality and value. it was returned."	0
"I was so excited that retailer finally had some bermuda shorts for those of us that are 1) older and don't want to show off that much leg anymore, and 2) are ""curvy on the bottom"" and really cannot wear the shorter shorts. i ordered these immediately in the navy. i usually wear a 31 in pilcro jeans, and like the other reviewer observed as well, i was floating in these - not only in the waist but everywhere. the legs are big - but it's supposed to be a boyfriend cut so i get that, but they just are"	0
"I was so excited to try these, it's hard to find cute bermuda shorts. the legs were so wide. my husband asked if i was wearing his shorts. they don't look that wide in the picture. i am 5'4"" and 130 lbs i bought my regular size 28 but the waist was huge i could have sized down one or two sizes. unrolled they came to my knee."	0
"I grabbed this dress to try on in my usual size, because i needed to see what the hype was about this style of dress, and it left me puzzled.  the print was pretty, but no amount of tailoring could save it for me.  it was wearing me.  maybe it could wear three of me.  i feel like this is a way for clothing manufacturers to cut corners, by making a garment without details (no installing more time consuming zippers, buttons or snaps, and making something that fits a wide range of sizes because it"	0
"I would say the skirt runs two sizes too small. i usually wear a size medium and based on other reviews, i purchased a large. i could barely get the skirt over my hips. even if it fit in the waist, it was much too short on me and i'm 5'2"". it's a cute skirt but it is fit for a tween."	0
"Yikes. there is a whole lot of skirt here. i am 5""4, weigh around 120 lb, and usually wear anywhere between a four and six in retailer clothing, depending on the designer. this skirt balloons out from the waist. on the website it seems to flow more naturally from the waist. i think that the flowers are cute but the material is cheap looking. the skirt is very long- hitting way below mid-calf. there is also tons of material - creating a parachute effect. definitely returning."	0
"I love love love this print and had to have it when retailer had their 25% off sale. i think regular price is way too much for this dress as the dress isn't even silk or a better material. but once i got this i was so disappointed, i ordered my usual size and it was just a balloon/tent on me. i felt like i was wearing a maternity dress. plus the ruffle at the top which i thought was a sweet feature felt really awkward and like it was grazing my neck and chin in an annoying way. i don't even want t"	0
"I thought the dress was ok, but was surprised by the cut away triangles of material right under bra band on the sides of dress. i will send back, also a bit too high waisted for me. other than that, the dress is as it appears."	0
"At 5'4"", i guess i am just too short to pull this dress off! the colors are so pretty for summer, but there is just too much fabric... i felt like i was wearing a giant doily! however, there is not a doubt in my mind that taller girls would look fabulous in this!"	0
"When i saw this online, i wondered why this dress cost so much. i have been keeping my eye on it for some time. loved what i saw, the design and colors and details at the neckline and waist along with pockets but was skeptical. i was waiting for a sale to take a dive and here are my thoughts when i got it: ___________ pros: - the colors you see online are exactly the same in person. - the jeweled neckline is lovely. it's one thing that drew me to it. this dress had a very sophisticated appeal wh"	0
"This is a very lovely looking sweater. unfortunately, it runs incredibly small. i'm only 5'3"" and the size small hit me above my mid-rise jeans. it doesn't fit at all how it's shown on the model. it's also a very delicate fabric. seems like it would snag easily. i was really hoping it would work as i used my birthday discount to purchase it, but i'm sending it back."	0
"I loved the look of this blouse online. i really wanted a cute eyelet top for summer. the blouse looked great out of the package but the fit was not good. i am a 00p and 32 b bra size, this top was too tight across my chest but billowed out in the back. its as if the armholes were too far forward. it is fairly short but i am short waisted. i really wanted this top to work but i had to return it. if i went up one size the back of the blouse would have been ridiculously large and the top was too e"	0
"Loved these when i tried them on they fit well and were so flattering. i am a size 0/2 and 5' tall and have a 'bubble butt' and thicker thighs with a narrow waist i tried on a 24 they we a little tight on my bum and thighs but the waist was perfect, tried on a 25 and they were much more comfortable on my legs and worked on my waist as well. i thought all was good but after wearing them out for not even ten minutes they started slipping down constantly and loosed up around all areas especially my"	0
"Beautiful in pictures and i loved it before i tried it on. as the other reviews state, it is short and wide. i like the top so much, i am going to try to add some gathering across the back to offer some shape. otherwise it is an unflattering shapeless box :("	0
"I should have paid closer attention to the other reviews. i could barely get this blouse over my head! after getting it on, the armholes too are very small. the blouse other than that is pretty and very girlie. i love the pleating and dolman sleeves but i was strangled around my neck. i tried the small but think a medium wouldn't have been much better. it needs a button opening on neck and sleeves. i would have to put this on before makeup or doing my hair.  if you have a tiny head and pencil a"	0
"I wanted to love this top. but, it looks like an ambitious 12 year old made it with rumpled fabric and lace found in her grandmothers attic. re: hopeful, but not good. the quality is not good and it hangs strangely on. sadly it is going back."	0
I found the fit of this dress odd. i typically wear a 6 or 8 in dresses. the 6 fit across the chest but the armholes were large so wearing a bra would be a challenge. i am a 34c so i need some type of support. i also thought the fabric was a bit flimsy for the price. i am a huge retailer fan and usually leave glowing reviews but sadly i left this one in the store.	0
"But, it just doesn't measure up. first, the slip/lining comes unattached if pulled slightly and it is very difficult to actually get it on - either stepping into it or pulling it over your head. and, once on, the top was a big snug and there was too much material at the bottom which made it look really bulky. unfortunately, i am finding this to be the case with so many of the items i buy from retailer lately. the material is really cute, but the dress isn't worth the price / effort."	0
"This top was just not flattering. i'm 5'8"" and medium build, and the m was very bulky and the fabric didn't fall in the right places. made me look very round and i'm not, so it's definitely going back!"	0
"I sized down as other reviewers suggested (usually an 8, went down to 6) and the dress fit fine--but it was not attractive. the cut was like a tent with an empire waist. really just not attractive. maybe it has to do with my body type, but compared to the model, this dress was so unflattering in-person. returned."	0
"I wish i had read more of the reviews....but thought i would give it a try. the shirt doesn't seem as long as on the model but the armpits are sewn to hit mid shirt. this would be ok if it was the length pictured, but since it isn't it makes you look very boxy. i don't know if i ordered a size too big or if it is just the way the shirt was made. wanted to love for fall.....unfortunately, i am taking back."	0
"I saw this dress online and really wanted to love it... unfortunately it wasn't at all as expected in person.  as the previous reviewer mentioned it is extremely itchy material, which was already pilling on many of the dresses displayed in the store. the neck was extremely tight; a problem i've never encountered with any retailer dress. additionally it seems to have a kangaroo pocket located right underneath the bust line, which protruded in an unflattering way. the pocket is not at all not"	0
"Wanted to like this type. cute print. something about the width and length of this top didn't work on me. was a little boxy. i'm 5'4, 135lbs, size xs-s. might be cuter on different body type, i'm hourglass and athletic."	0
I was so excited to get this dress...i even paid expedited shipping! i read the reviews and thought that i ordered properly but i sadly disappointed. it was just too big. i'm a size 6-8 petite and the size 8 was overwhelming. the side of the dress were down to my stomach and i just can't wear the dress. not sure what to do but buyers be careful. pretty color and design but not well-designed.	0
"I ordered this dress, expecting a cool lightweight summer dress. i believe it says cotton in the description.however the material is a very heavy cotton-linen blend.would have much preferred a better quality fabric.the color is a nice green and is well made.it runs large, except in the bust which fit well."	0
So much right but then....too short.	0
"I initially saw this top a few months ago, and fell in love. it ended up selling out in stores, so i ordered it online, where it was back-ordered by a couple of months. i received it this past week, and was sadly disappointed. the design is pretty, but overall the quality is sorely lacking. i wonder if maybe the first batch was good, but when they realized they were so popular, and had more made, the newer batches weren't as good? not sure. the one i got had inconsistent red embroidery, and ther"	0
Hate i have to return it - way too long-almost more mid thigh/almost dress length.	0
"Was really excited for this dress but should have paid more attention to the material it was made with. for the price of the dress, it felt very cheap. i didn't even end up trying it on after i opened the packaging. the colors were not as vibrant as the picture. as another reviewer mentioned, it was more similar to something you would purchase off a boardwalk. very disappointed and will be returning."	0
"Sometimes i order things online that i can hardly wait to arrive, and then once they do, i wonder if i made a mistake when ordering it. this is one of those times, and it was not my mistake. the shirt i received is not like this one. it is an xs, but it is quite large falling inches below where this one hits on the model. everyone i have shown the shirt to says that it is a denim blue color, not grey at all. it is a pretty color, but not what i thought i was ordering. i hate it when this happens"	0
"I wanted to love this top, but when i received the picture on the website is a dark charcoal almost black and the ""grey"" that you order is much, much lighter grey. in addition, this shirt is super boxy... thus why the model probably is pinning her elbows to her side to bring the top in. going back disappointed."	0
"And the bottom looks like a tutu. first, i have high tolerance for scratchy fabric but this one i could feel it even through long sleeves. there is no way i could wear something that makes my skin itch so badly. second, the peplum part is huge and looks like an exaggerated skirt. finally, the color on the ""green one"" is darker than in the picture and it does have more of a green than blue tint. back it goes."	0
"I probably should have gone with petite. this dress was just awful on. the waist was nowhere near where it was supposed to be. it hits me about thigh level. it's very unforgiving, clingy, and shows every bump. i found the material tolerable but if worn for long periods of time, i have a suspicion that it would begin to irritate my skin and be scratchy. it's going back."	0
"If you are going for a ridiculously high priced ugly sweater contest, this is the one for you. i normally like clothing with some character and juxtaposition, but this one did not do it for me. i cannot imagine the collar fitting right or flattering anyone, and the mixed layers end up making it look cheap rather than trendy."	0
"I also returned this dress after waiting weeks to received it.  i had high hopes for this dress as i really loved it online but what a disappointment when i got it.  the fabric is made of cheap poly that's shiny, thin, and clingy.  it shows every lump and bump you have.  the zipper at the back won't lay flat and keeps bunching up creating an ugly bump.  the sewing and hemline is uneven.  there wasn't a lot of thought put in in the print placement where the seams was sewn together in the midline"	0
"I really wanted to like this because the color is beautiful and the knit is obviously good quality. but the shape is impossible to work with. it doesn't just run big, it just hangs there. really disappointing. it'll have to go back."	0
"I love eva franco  this is a very poor version ! bias seams are puckery... zipper is bubbled  felt great looked like fun but too much if a mess to be fixed."	0
"I love this top so much online. i received it yesterday in the mail and unfortunately i am very disappointed.  there is nothing wrong with the quality but i do think it looks more appealing online. also, this top is probably not for anyone with a large chest. it looks nice and drapey on the model. when i put it on it just makes me look fat and the top (thanks to my 38dds) looks more like a swing top. i'm sure it's a lovely top on very thin people with a smaller chest."	0
"Do not buy this dress for full price. the design looks great but after receiving the dress, the material is made of extremely cheap slinky-ish polyester that you would find at a f21 store. the stitching is horrific and created an uneven ""hump"" on the back seam. just absolutely poor poor quality."	0
I found this as a return in the store. i tried the xxs. i was so excited because it looked really cute on the hanger. it was so huge- looked like i was wearing an xl.	0
"I ordered in blue. so excited at arrival; it looked gorgeous...then i tried it on! i'm 5', 106#, 34d and my upper arms are a little muscular. i normally order 2p (sometimes 0p)...and never a problem. this top was sooo tight under the arms and at the upper arms...if i tried any movement would have probably ripped out the seams! maybe i just received a product that was mis-sized, or defective. all i can say, if you have skinny arms, you'll love it."	0
"I'm 5' 5"", 150 lbs, 32dd, normally a 28p or 29p in pants. i ordered an 8 and probably should have gone with a 10. it was super unflattering?the print was overwhelming for my pale skin, it made my thin waist look larger than it really was, and rode up the inside of my thighs. i have a similar bathing suit from modcloth that's 1/3 of the price and 20x as flattering. if you have thick legs, this may not be the suit for you. i returned it--so fast."	0
"First off, this runs very large. i'm normally an 8 and sized down to the 6 but probably could have done a 4. it looked like a tent on me. the top part is lovely, i just think the bottom is way to large and not flattering. this one is definitely going back especially with all the white dress options they have out now."	0
I love the color and style of this dress. and i wanted to love it too? sadly the fabric is truly inferior to the retailer brand and definitely not worth the price of the dress. checked it out in store and so glad i did as it would have been returned for sure.	0
"I love the material on these shorts. unfortunately, that's all i love. the fit is awkward and i'm an easy fit. they're boxy in the body / legs and a bit tight in the waist, causing me to not be sure whether to place the elastic waist higher or lower and neither one works well. sadly, couldn't keep these just for the pretty fabric."	0
I love the pilcro serif legging jeans but these were a big disappointment. if you have any thigh at all don't bother.	0
This one didn't work for me. ordered this and the riverdeck tee as similar vein. riverdeck was cute and flattering cut. this one was boxy on me and didn't work. a bit too wide so sending back.	0
"The skirt is comfortable and as pictured. it also ran tts. i'm 5'5"" tall and weigh 140 lbs. i had the medium and didn't need to size up to a large. when you put the skirt on a normal body, it looks like you are wearing an easter egg... and not in a good way."	0
"Like one of the previous reviewers, when my jacket arrived, it was not in the great dark wash pictured online. it was in a basic, medium denim wash. i like the wash pictured online; i did not like the wash the jacket came in. additionally, know that it is just huge. i ordered my usual size (medium) and understood that the jacket was meant to be roomy and swingy, but there is no way that one size down would be enough to compensate for how swimmingly large it was. i never tried an xs, but it was s"	0
"I got this dress in the mail today and really thought i was going to love it. the color is a beautiful rich red, which was a nice surprise. i was expecting more of a dusty red from the picture. love the fabric - soft and appears to be good quality. the length is perfect - hit right at my knees (size small). the flow of the dress is great as well. the ultimate flaw would be the arm and neck holes. the neck hole was choking me but yet a little loose at the back of the neck - almost like it was on"	0
"When i ordered this dress, i thought to myself ""hmm, it seems a little close to showing some side boob, but maybe that's just the angle of the photo."" flash forward to me trying it on in my home - ""yep, that's some side boob."" it is very low cut under the arms. if you're super slim, this might be a good look, but on a curvy gal with some boobs, it was obscene. also, i'm a solid 12 in most retailer brands, so i ordered a l and an xl just in case. the xl wouldn't even zip up. returning."	0
"This dress makes me so sad...the textured stretchy fabric, color, length, and overall swingy fit are spot on. as another reviewer noted though, the armholes and neck totally ruin the dress. the neck is tiny, which i could have gotten over once it was on, but the arm holes were just awful - too big all around (too tall of a cut plus too wide of a cut). basically, you could see my bra plus from the front there was unflattering exposure near the armholes. it could have been so good, but alas, but t"	0
"First of all, mine arrived in a regular denim shade, not the dark wash shown. also, the style is more like a blazer, and it was huge. i am 5'2"" and ordered the petite xs but even xxs would have looked like a baggy blazer. as well, the sleeves came barely past my wrists, they are designed to cuff as the model has done? perhaps on someone taller and younger it would look edgy and chic! the quality is excellent with some nice details. this might be one to try in person, if you can."	0
I saw this online and went to the store to try it on. so glad i did! it did not work on me at all! it is so wide - just did not look right. it was also not flattering at the neckline either. i thought it was beautiful until i had it on! too bad - wanted to love it!	0
"The dress is beautiful in pictures, but all the reviews are dead on...it was full of snags when it arrived! 8 snags to be exact. and the fabric was heavier than i expected. sadly, had to return."	0
"This vest looked so cute online but it's a disaster. the quilting is so bulky that the drawstring doesn't work properly and it just hangs. itlooks like something out of a costume closet that could be used for a peasant farmhand or a zombie movie. seriously, it's bad."	0
"I love the look and feel of the material, but it was way too short - i don't even have a long torso! sadly, it's going back to the store."	0
This top is very wide and shorter than in appears in the picture. it also has a strong chemical smell. i've had a couple pieces with that smell in the past and the smell never washed out.	0
"I would have loved this top if it were the length pictured on the model, but it was a cropped length on me :("	0
"Sadly, this dress was trashed after wearing it for an hour. it snagged on everything -- my watch, my purse, my necklace. i had to go home, change, and return the dress later. impractical fabric ruined an otherwise lovely dress."	0
Too wide! the design is cute but the wideness of the overall piece and arms made me lose my shape. you can't see your figure underneath at all. i don't like pieces like that. this went back.	0
"I recommend this product, but with the following reservations.   the dye from the product colors my skin every time i wear this outfit. i love the fit and make of the jumper, but i hate that my skin looks blue by the end of the day. this is still happening after several washes, which makes me feel disappointed. it will dye your undergarments so choose wisely."	0
"This is a cute dress, but not for me. 1. i think it runs very small, 2. it is super textured so if you don't want to add bulk (aka pounds) to your frame, this probably isn't for you. it's too bad it's online only because i would have benefitted from trying this on first. i'm sure it's probably adorable on smaller, thinner people. unfortunately, mine is going back."	0
"I thought that this dress would be perfect for my 60th birthday, however i was disappointed when i received it. it is extremely heavy from the beading and i just did not find it pretty in person. it did nothing for me. also, it runs small and was tight."	0
The fabric of this vest is identical to a old white dish cloth! the cut of this vest is also bad! will be sent back!	0
"I love this jump suit.. sorta. looks great on but the dye rubs off on your skin. i washed it and its still happening. when you put your hand in your pockets, they come out blue, knees are blue, thighs, etc. i looked dirty by the end of the day. wish i could return it. fit and look great... not great after wear."	0
I am normally a straightforward 10 - since i saw the other review i ordered down to an 8 - i am still swimming in it.i would say i have about 4 inches of extra fabric in the waist/hips. this is sized way too large. i love the softness of the checkers but i suspect this could get itchy fast on the arms where it touches the wool - but i won't find out cause i'm returning it?on the bright side i might fit a 6 which would be pretty nice.	0
"They ripped on the inside upper thighs of both legs less than two months after purchase. i've washed them once, and wear them a few times a week, so they're certainly not worn out. i've never had a pair give out even close to this early. i loved the cut of the jeans and the softness, and they hold their shape well after multiple wearings. the color is lighter than pictured. i paid full price (the most i've ever paid for jeans) because i'd heard good things about jean shop quality. even at sale p"	0
"I purchased the blue with white dots. the shape was awful, but looked like a sack - returned"	0
"Tried this on in the red because the pattern is so eye catching and beautiful. i couldn't get it off fast enough. picture this: tight in the best, tight in the hips, extra billowy in the middle. so confused and can't see how this would be flattering on anyone. unless you're planning to repurpose the gorgeous fabric, skip."	0
"The quality of the fabric is good, but the fit is horrible. unflattering and strange. definitely a pass."	0
"I loved the design and material of the test, but unfortunately it just did not fit me right. it was tight in the hips and did not have the relaxed look i was hoping for.  also the pattern did not look good on me.  unfortunately i had to return."	0
"This is a cute item at a good price point, though the lack of lining in cartonnier items drives me batty. unfortunately, the wool is so itchy i could not tolerate it more than a second."	0
"Quality was not what you expect from retailer, especially for the price. top is lined but skirt is not. material is tissue paper thin and see thru. there is a point at the bottom of the sweetheart neckline that does not lay flat, it keeps popping up. however the back is very cute and for that i wanted to love it but too many negatives. was returned."	0
I'm usually a maeve fan. i found this top to look cheap and fit poorly. it is also very thin material and showed everything.	0
"The cut of this piece is great, the quality of the fabric is terrible. i used it under another layer the first day i wore it and it pilled across the bust. after hand washing in cold water and hanging to dry it shrank in length- so much that i can no longer even wear it. i always happily pay a premium for quality staple wardrobe pieces. this didn't hold up to one wearing, let alone one season. i recommend strongly against it."	0
This dress comes with a built in fupa. literally there is extra material at the lower abdomen that sticks out and is very unflattering.	0
"The first time i wore it, felt wonderful. had it cleaned and then the back end stated pilling. very disappointed with the price and quality. wish i could return for my money back. sad"	0
"This is a beautiful dress, but the fit was strange. i have a small waist and larger hips. i generally wear a 0-2 in a fit & flare style, but styles like this i generally wear a 2-4 for my hips. even in a 4 this was catching on my hips and looked kind of dumpy on my top half.  i really think this dress would be great on a frame that had wider shoulders and smaller hips. it really is pretty."	0
"I purchased this dress in the green, and while the print and material were lovely, the extra folds in the neckline made the dress look frumpy up top. the billowly bottom made it look like a bag. i am 5ft, 36d and 29"" waist and the size 2 fit, which makes me think this runs large! i'll be returning this dress."	0
Do not buy! i used my 15% discount on this. what a waste. my usual sizes range from s to l depending on what brand. i should have gotten a small. i don't think that would've helped. it was so awkward looking. nothing like the model. it made me look as if i had gained 15 pounds. it was waaay longer in the back-like a mullet. the material was really thick. it is more appropriate for fall. i had high hopes for this-to dress up or down. it was just so ridiculous.	0
"I ordered this since it looked so cute on the model . when i it arrived, i was excited to try it on, but when i did...blah. the color is murky and the top runs large, not to mention that the material is too heavy for a short sleeved top (plus it's lined). i really wanted to like it and debated wetting it and then putting it in the dryer to shrink it a bit. in the end, i decided that it wasn't worth it. too bad, as the concept was a good one. it just failed in the execution."	0
"I saw the photo of the young woman wearing this dress in the reviews and she looked beautiful, i on the other hand looked awful. the fabric of the entire dress is quite stiff, so the dress didn't move with me; it sort of felt as if i was wearing a paper cut out. then to contribute to the volume, the sleeve is not set in, it is a raglan style, that on me looked more like a bat suit, than what i was hoping for, a beautiful distinctive dress for an important affair. also the belt didn't enhance the"	0
"I love this shirt, love love love it. i am a curvy girl and it accents all the right features and hides the ones that need to be hidden. but i've owned it for 6 months and there are already 4 holes in the shirt. and not holes in the fabric but holes on the seam lines. the stitching is not sturdy enough for the shirt to not fall apart. the whole point is to be able to wear it. but now i have to bust out my sewing machine to reinforce the seams that split so that i can wear it again. :("	0
"Mine came smelling like gasoline. not sure why, but i would have kept it otherwise. it's a smell that will be really hard to get out. looks like the picture."	0
"I purchased this top in the black and tan color, loved the fit, style and fabric. however, it is a loose weave and after just one wearing a hole opened up on the front, which could not be repaired. it was covered by the cowl neck collar but as the day wore on the hole got bagger and it can no longer be hidden. i was very disappointed in the quality of this top- i purchased it at full price and was only able to wear it once. i just didn't have the time to return it to the store."	0
"I like the color blocking of this top, but it was too large and billowy on the bottom. it felt like a pregnancy top so i had to return it as it gave me no shape."	0
"I thought this top was so cute but when i tried it on, it is so big on the bottom, it looks like a tent. i normally wear a l or xl and took it back to the store to try on a medium and that one fit better but the bottom was still too big. sad."	0
"I read the previous reviews and ordered down a size knowing that the shirt runs big.   i really wanted to love the shirt however it was a tent. with all of the extra material in the back, it billowed out in all the wrong places. the material is comfy and it's a very cute concept, just didn't work for me."	0
"The good: the sloths are cute because sloths are always cute.   now the bad: the material is wretched. it feels damp even when it's not... it's see through and unlined... it's scratchy and wrinkly... and though the cut of the dress would be fine, the fabric is so limp that the high-low hem looks more like a tail.   i wanted to like this, but charging nearly 200 dollars for a see through piece of awful fabric with a passable cut was simple not acceptable. i returned it as fast as i possibly c"	0
"The bra is comfortable and the design is good. however, the sizing is way off. i am a 34c and the small fits well with minimal support. not sure about quality. this one might have to go back :("	0
This top was supposed to be 23 1/4 inches long in petite. it's actually 28 1/2 inches long.  it's also large in width. hard to believe it's an extra small petite.	0
"This dress has been in my inbox for a long time and when it went on sale i purchased it right away. i am a size 4 petite in everything retailer and have not had a problem with fit, if anything i might have to size down. i purchased a 4 petite in this dress and i couldn't zip it all the way up. it was as if i was trying to get into a 0 petite.  i don't even think a size 6 would fit. there is something not right with the make of this particular dress i received. even if the fit was perfect i didn't"	0
This shirt is way too flowy and the pink color is extremely washed out- will definitely be returning!	0
This is more of a sleep shirt. the fabric is too thin and see through. a camisole would not look good under it. will be returning it.	0
"The fabric wrinkles so easily and any slight moisture or liquid immediately turns into a dark spot on the blue grey...condensation drips from a glass, gel deodorant, etc. i tried the cream but it's very sheer. i had to return this dress-- not practical!"	0
"I loved this shirt when it first arrived and i couldn't wait to wear it. after one day of wear, i went to hang the shirt back up and it was ripping on both sides of the middle back seem. this shirt was not tight on me at all. very disappointed."	0
I thought it would be heavier than it is. it's thin and more delicate than what i would expect for a winter sweater (it contains wool so not really suitable for spring/summer). it's also shorter than it appears on the model and a little wider/boxier too.	0
I was really hoping this dress would work because it looks adorable on the model. i ordered my usual size 0 but when i put it on the cross part in the front was way too high on my neck and was super uncomfortable. i also had a lot of room in the back of the dress so it wasn't as form fitting as i would have liked. i ended up returning this dress.	0
"I was able to get this on sale. when it arrived, it was missing half of the rhinestones. i am very surprised that this top would be sent out this way. it also was missing the little bag with extra stones. i'm reaching out and wondering if anyone else has experienced this and is there a store that sells rhinestones like the one on the blouse? any help from anyone would be appreciated. i hate to part with this, but where was quality control?"	0
I had hoped this blouse would be white - but it is cream in color. it was also more boxy than i thought it would be. i am usually a 4 or a 6 and went with the 6. a size 4 would be a better fit.	0
"I tried this blouse on in the store. i'm generally an 8 or 10 in this brand. i got down to a size 4 and gave up. this blouse is huge all the way around. the detail on the blouse is pretty, but the tent like cut made it impossible for me to buy it. i know retailers blouses can be swingy and flows but this went way beyond. perhaps on a tall person the swing would work but on a short person like myself...i looked ridiculous."	0
This top is too boxy and has too much going on. it should have no buttons or different ones.	0
"My personal opinion is that i am not a fan of this top, the material of the fabric doesn't seem as nice as delettas other tops and it had a really boxy fit on me. i wanted to love this top but i did not."	0
"Not as cute as photos, and too small in chest. i am 5'5'', 125 lbs, and the small was too tight in the chest, and i am not large here at all. shoulders and sleeve length fit well. will return. not comfortable, and will need to be able to button it on rainy days."	0
"I ordered not one but two sizes of this dress to try on and was hoping to ultimately wear to an event - one 00 petite, one 00. the style, color and cut are all perfect. one not so minor downfall, however. the zippers on both dresses were faulty - they both broke in the same spot, both during the first time just trying them on. i can't get either of them to even budge now - will either need to take back or get fixed. very sad about this."	0
"I've been wearing these shorts for years, i work outside and it was great to have comfortable jean shorts that were just the perfect length. the fabric quality on these shorts (and many many other retailer items) has gone down. sure, they're great when you try them on in the store..soft, comfortable, flattering, but when these are worn for a day they get so stretched out that i feel like i need a belt to keep them on. i wore these several times, sat down on a relatively smooth concrete wall, and a"	0
"This skirt is beautiful. fabric is gorgeous,with perfect amount of shine and luxury to it. there is a ""life ""in this skirt; it is well made and follows the body lines in a perfect way. or,i better say, it did fit me perfectly first ten minutes of wearing it. unfortunately, it stretched more than a full size, and generally lost its shape. now, the skirt is two sizes too large and not really wearable anymore."	0
"I had been eyeing this coat for a few weeks after it appeared in the email, and i finally decided to purchase it to treat myself. i was very excited to get it, as it is a beautiful coat online. however, once i received it i was very disappointed. the material is much thinner than i would expect for something that cost $168, and when i went to button it the button slipped right off the thread it was sewn onto the coat with. i checked the other buttons and all of them were loose as well.   perso"	0
"I purchased this in-store in a vivid red color, but didn't try it on until i got home. big mistake! literally the first time i tried to zip the dress, the cheap, horrible zipper noted in previous reviews just...broke. midway up, right under the waist tie. i was trapped in the dress for a good 15 minutes and was scared i'd have to rip or cut the fabric to get out of it; eventually i pulled the zipper apart to escape. can't wait to return this asap."	0
"Pilcro stet roll ups are my fave! i have about 5 or 6 pairs and i needed a replacement for my light wash so i went in the store and tried these on. wow has the quality changed. the denim is a lot lighter in material, now, the wash isn't as real, almost like i'm wearing jegging shorts. these were my favorite but now i'll have to look for light wash denim shorts elsewhere because these new ones just wont cut it anymore! why, pilcro?? the sizing is about the same, they run a little large due to the"	0
"The cut and color of the dress is awesome. however, the biggest flaw is the zipper. i only got to wear this dress once until the zipper broke..sad day especially at the price. there also were a number of loose threads. i recommend waiting until it goes on sale. you'll want the extra money for a tailor to fix that zipper."	0
"I agree with other reviewers. it is beautiful but too tight around the chest. i am usually an xsmall and the xsmall was tight in the chest. i bought the small and it was still uncomfortable. sadly i had to return it. i am 5'4"", 134 lbs and a 34c, by no means i am considered big chested so this is highly unusual."	0
Shorts don't fit me like they did the first time and i've only worn them twice! the material isn't what is use to be. it stretches out to fast. i don't think i will be buying these again. wish i could take them back.	0
"I love maeve dresses and have always gotten a lot of wear out of them while still looking great. this dress does not meet those standards. on the 2nd wear of this dress the zipper completely broke. i had to take it to a dry cleaner to get replaced at a pricey cost for a pricey dress, i'm dissapointed."	0
This product has a terrible zipper that ultimately caused me to return the dress. it's pretty bad when it won't even zip up on the hanger. such a beautiful dress; it broke my heart!	0
"I knew i needed to buy this trench from the moment i saw it on my computer screen, but something prompted me to stop by my local retailer and try it on first. thank goodness for that.  at first glance, i knew i wouldn't be buying this. the construction leaves much to be desired. from the flimsy, single layer of unlined, unstructured fabric, to the thin strip of fabric serving as a belt, i could easily see this being sold at a cheap store for teenage girls where throwaway clothes are a dim"	0
"Darling jacket/coat, similar styling as the beige with big flowers and lace-up back that i bought a few years ago and still love. i was considering this one, but the description says to hand wash. seriously? a coat? that's simply not practical. not sure if i will buy this one."	0
This is a beautiful top but the xs was literally 4-6 inches too wide. very disappointing! i am thin and tall but this was a maternity top on me. i don't usually wear xxs. it is much more voluminous than it appears in the picture and it is definitely gray and blue not white.	0
"I wanted to love this coat so bad. the material is lovely and it's beautiful on the hanger but being tall and skinny is a must to pull it off. if you have any hips forget it (my hips are 38"")- you end up looking incredibly bottom heavy. the jacket also ran funny across the shoulders....like the underarm was sewn low down the arm so arm movement was restricted, it was weird. but it buttoned nicely without any pulling so it wasn't a size thing. i bought a size medium, at 5'5"" and 140 pounds."	0
"The color is as pictured. good quality. it's lined. the zipper in the back makes it look updated. i ordered my usual size. small petite size 6. it fit perfectly. i'm 5 feet and 120 lbs. hourglass figure. i had high hopes. i have hips and short, heavy legs. the skirt only emphasized my flaws. if you've got great legs you will do well with this. i do own other short skirts. but the fact that is less tailored in look makes it better suited for a younger gal. if you're on the fence give it a try. it"	0
"The dress is pretty, i ordered a 4 and 6 not knowing how it ran, i took both back the neck is too tight!"	0
"The length of this dress is bizarre.  i can't decide if it's supposed to lay on the floor or not touch it at all - i'm not sure if i like it either way.  also- at this price point, i would have hoped to have the included under layer to not be so transparent.  if you buy this dress, be prepared to invest in a slip and then have the slip tailored to match the high low hem line so that people cannot see your underwear.  the netting and details in this dress are beautiful but delicate- the one i pur"	0
Top opens in the middle right in front. should have some sort of closure inside to prevent this top from flying open will return	0
"I wanted to love this dress, but it has too many flaws. first, the ""waistband"" falls right under the bust and the skirt flares out from there. not a flattering silhouette.. second, the fabric is a sickly yellow-beige netting that looks like burlap. third, i can't imagine what kind of bra you can wear under it. on the plus side, the fabric isn't scratchy."	0
"This dress is so short! i double checked to make sure i didn't get a petite by mistake.  i'm 5'10 and ordered an extra small because of the deep v neck. it fit well on top, but  you could see my underwear in the front. seriously, i dont even think miley cirus would wear it that short. the lace was really beautiful so i was disappointed that it didn't work out."	0
I wanted to love this top -- looks so comfy and cute. but hangs like a bag. going back!	0
"This looked like a simple, chic blouse, but the fabric felt cheap to me, like thin lining fabric. the neckline is too deep and wide as well and so not flattering."	0
"This blouse is quite stiff. i wouldn't mind the boxiness if this blouse weren't so long. even if you size down, because of the eyelet and the cute hem, it would be difficult to shorten this blouse to fit."	0
"This top is crazy in the front and just way-off when it comes to a cross-over drape. the top did not lay flat and the drape over has one snap which seemed to ""bloop"" open constantly. the bottom in the front is a strange combination of layers that i couldn't get to look good.  i'm busty, but this isn't the reason this blouse is just a disaster of a fit on me. the blouse fits tts and everything was covered, so it's not like it was too small and tugged. that's not the case. this blouse just didn't"	0
"If you're pregnant, congratulations. this shirt is for you. if you've ever dreamed of being an xxs, this shirt is also for you. i'm a 34d, normally a small or medium, but often size down to xs in swing tops. the xs is ginormous on me, although it fits through the shoulders. i can hold onto the bottom and stretch my arms straight out at the sides, it's that wide. think flying squirrel. what doesn't show in the pictures is that it also has a slight dolman sleeve, which makes it look wide at the to"	0
Didn't like the dress. look pregnant in it. this dress is going back.	0
"I have been continually disappointed in retailer's clothing for the past year. i feel like their prices have soared and the quality has remained so-so, but dresses like these somehow make the cut. it does not make sense. since when did retailer exclusively market to older women? no, retailer's market has always been young adults. this dress is extremely matronly. although the bottom print is nice, the hot pink belt?? is completely mismatched and gaudy. i really hope retailer starts curating better dress"	0
"This dress was a disappointment. not black, but brown. and it was very oddly made, with a weird, seam right across the belly. on its way back..."	0
This shirt ran small and was more sheer than i expected. had to send it back.	0
"I can't believe how small this thing runs. beyond small. it's almost insulting because the dress is just so gorgeous you really want it to work, but there's no way it's going to when the l is actually a s. so sad to return this beauty."	0
"Was excited to try this interesting skirt, as a mega bailey 44 fan. however, this skirt didn't fit well. the waist was fine but it then was boxy and shapeless on me in an xs/size 0. my piece also had a wrinkle from folding and i'm not sure how it would easily come out but the main thing is that the lines weren't flattering to the body. the ""vegan"" quilting isn't luxurious. i thought the diagonal zipper style was cool but it doesn't lay to advantage when worn and i'm an easy fit. length is so-so,"	0
This skirt fits in a strange way. there is one pleated area but it is on the side so it is not flattering and i kept feeling as if i wanted to straighten the skirt.. the elastic looks frumpy. unflattering.	0
I ordered this skirt because it looked cute and versatile. when it arrived the pleat in front (shown in the center) was far to the right so the overall look was crooked. not sure if it was a quality control issue or if that's the true design but it will have to go back. too bad because i had high hopes!	0
"I was really excited about this skirt because i love the color. however when i tried it on, it was too much of a high/low. i am not very tall but this would look a lot better on a tall person."	0
"I really wanted to like this top. in person though, the fit was too large and boxy. i did order a smaller size based on other reviews but it was still too sacklike. i got the grey motif pattern which i thought was quite pretty and interesting. the material was nice and lightweight. perhaps it would look better on someone with a straight figure and small bust."	0
"This dress looks nothing like the photo. the sequins are dull, no sheen at all. the faux leather panels and straps look and feel like cheap, shiny plastic. i didn't even try it on, because it was so hideous, when i pulled it out of the box. not remotely worth the price and wouldn't buy it on sale for $20 either. skip."	0
"Gals, if you absolutely must have this top wait for it to go on sale (don't worry, it will). between the poor fit and the polyester, i have no good things to report about it. this is very much below retailer's usual quality and style."	0
"Loved it online for its modern cut and print. however, when i received the item i was disappointed. i ordered my usual size 4 and i was swimming in it. i like oversized things and understand that this dress is made that way; however, this was not flattering. i would say i would have needed to size down to a 0 and perhaps it would work but i didn't want to take another chance. the material seemed almost crepey, which i wasn't neccissarily expecting either. bummer that it didn't work out."	0
I ordered a size 16 in the orange. it ran a size smaller than normal size 16 maeve tops. the quality of the material was terrible. it wrinkled and was also so thin that you need to wear a tank underneath. that messes with the look of the lace on the top. the color of the orange was gorgeous.	0
"I just got this and couldn't wait to wear it to work today. it is such a pretty designed top. unfortunately, it is falling apart as i write this review. one sleeve is unraveling. there are strings hanging off all over the lacy arms. am so disappointed in the quality. i'll be sending it back when i get home."	0
"Love the look of this and the fabric, but runs way small. i usually wear a 0. ordered the 0, then 2. just got the 4 and it's still too small. will be returning all 3."	0
"I wanted to love this kimono...it is such a beautiful color and would work well with so many things in my wardrobe, but alas it went back due to the strange feel of the fabric...not a soft touch and because it runs small. i bought the m/l and usually wear a 12/14 but i couldn't bring the kimono together in the front (for a belting option)."	0
"As other reviews have mentioned, this top has serious craftsman ship flaws. strings hanging off embellishments on sleeves and they begin unravelling as you try the top on. i wanted to love but sadly, returned asap."	0
"I wanted to like this but it just didn't have much of a shape, not flattering at all. maybe if i was taller?"	0
"This product was very disappointing. fabric was thin, it has no shape and hangs like a pajama top. so it's not flattering at all. at $78, it's really overpriced for what it is. it might look good on someone who has the perfect body shape (what wouldn't?), but they would probably still look like they went out in their pjs. i'm 5'9"" and not well-endowed (a b), so it did nothing for me..  also, the online picture of the moss version looks like it's a grey/black combo. it's not... it is really green"	0
These fit around the waist but there is so much fabric and it poofs out and looks awful and bulky. no way.	0
"I tried this shirt at my local retailer and absolutely loved it ...until i read dry clean only!!! really retailer? i know you can do better than that..."	0
"Looked really cute on the hanger, so i took it with me into the dressing room. the fabric is super soft, and the top is very flattering however the bottom is way too short! you can't tell from the picture but the sides are rounded and go up higher on your leg. the model has the waist band pulled lower than i think you'd most likely be wearing it making the outfit appear longer. i wish i could pull this off...maybe i'm just too old for it."	0
"I thought the photo of these pants was so cute. when i got them in the mail i opened the package and just began to laugh over how long they were. i held the waist up to my chest, just below my shoulders and the pants still hit the ground. i am not a short woman! i ordered a 14, i am 5' 6"". i also found the waistband a little small in relation to the size."	0
The armholes on this dress are totally bizarre. i can't believe no one else has commented on them yet. i am a size s on top and m on the bottom so i usually try on both in dresses. i tend to be a small/ size 6 in retailer. the armholes are so long that the dress doesn't lay right on top. i showed it to on of the clerks in the store and she agreed with me. we looked at all the others and they were the same. going up a size made it way worse. this dress might work for someone with really broad shoul	0
"This dress looked gorgeous, light and lacy in the picture, but when it arrived, the ""lace"" that appeared gold and black in the photo was more a solid brown pattern against the black which was not attractive. the inner sheath was made of a heavy, sequined material. it was uncomfortable, scratchy and felt like i was searing chain mail. it also added bulk to the dress, so that i looked ten pounds heavier. i can't imagine why they would design this delicate dress with such a heavy inner slip. the si"	0
"Like other reviewers have said, this item runs extremely long and large. i could have fit my body in one pant leg they were so wide--much wider than any standard wide leg pant i've owned. sadly had to return."	0
"There's something majorly wrong with the way the armholes are cut. i can't move my arms in this dress. otherwise the fit was fine. the a line cut of the dress is great if ur trying to hide a few pounds. other than that the does nothing for your figure. i found this dress to be true to size in an xsp im 107lbs and 5'1"". don't buy it. i know it's tempting with the sale price."	0
"I loved the look of this dress online, so i was excited to order it, but when it arrived i found it was not at all how i expected it to be. i thought the material would be more lacy, but it seemed pretty cheap. there was also some boning at the waist which is nice in theory, but it made the material poof out just under the waist, making me look like i had a belly. no matter what i did i could not get it to lay flat. returned to the store and bought the embroidered perennial dress instead, which"	0
"I so wanted this skirt to work, love the design! but, it's way, way too long... i am 5, 5, 116lb, and the small is 1 inch on the floor. i step on the skirt as i walk."	0
"I had been waiting for this skirt to go on sale as i fell in love with the style and print on the website. however, after receiving it in the mail i was disappointed to find that the cut was all wrong for my body type. i am 5'6"", size 4, hourglass/athletic. the xs was too big and made me look like i had no shape. would be cute on a girl with no hips/booty but unflattering on hourglass figure."	0
"I waited for this dress to go on sale and when it did i bought it right away. i am disappointed!!! the lace fabric is very stiff. i should have listened to the previous reviewer. i feel like it is poking out on my arms and neck. although i appreciate the careful placements of flowers on the dress, had the fabric been different, i think it would be a great dress."	0
"While you can't count on the photo on your monitor to portray the exact color of an item, these photos are way off.  instead of the warm charcoal i see online, the pants are more of a dusty blue.  the material has very little stretch and i couldn't get into the size 24s.  the 25s were tight in the entire leg but huge in the waist.  for reference i usually wear a size 24 in brands like 7 for all mankind and citizens of humanity."	0
I'm returning this cardigan. it doesn't fit me at all. it's shapeless and loose.	0
"Beware. white is not white. white is more cream, off-white, light beige. i was really looking forward to these shorts but was immediately disappointed when i saw the color. they are cute, but not white. i bought them to wear with the nautical look tops for this summer, but unfortunately, creamy colored shorts don't do much for navy/white tops.also, the button is very difficult to open/close.otherwise they are ok."	0
"I was very excited about this dress having seen someone where it on the street months ago. i got my usual size 6 and could not button it up for the life of me. i get it, i'm busty and sometimes button downs are a tricky. however, the arms were impossibly tight. my boyfriend starting cracking up when he saw my arms busting out of the sleeves."	0
This blouse is a disappointment . fabric is cheap looking and the cut is very off. just odd. sleeves awkward . the back of the white shirt on the on-line model is not the same as the white shirt i received. mine was plain in the back like the blue shirt on line even though my shirt was white. no ruffle. returned.	0
"I am 5'8"", 140lbs, pear-shaped. i ordered the s and it fit perfectly, just skimming the floor. the material is a beautiful gauzy metallic material that is lightweight with a beautiful drape and wonderful sorbet-inspired colors. the waistband is elasticized but not elastic, and there is no unflattering poofing, which can happen with skirts like this. the flaw, however, is in the decision to only half-line this skirt with an off-white jersey material. the half-lining isn't horrible but i found it"	0
"I ordered the white and the light blue in size xl. both are cut much smaller than is typical for my other retailer xl blouses. everything the first reviewer wrote is true. the photos of the white top show a detailed back when it is plain (like the blue). the back is just a solid, kind of slippery material. it's strange because it's not see-through in the back but you need to wear a tank/cami for the front. so, it makes the shirt that much tighter since you need to have the extra layer.   i would"	0
"Purchased this in white specifically because i loved the back detail-- (i don't know why most designers overlook the back??). huge disappointment-- the back is totally plain, not at all like the picture of the white top on here and the fabric in the back isn't even the same material as the front. it's almost as if the back is made out of leftover lining from another garment. it was a very sad return! i usually love this brand, this was just a quality control oversight i guess."	0
"Very very boxy design/cut. try on first or buy knowing you are 90% likely to return. beautiful skirt but if you don't have the right body type/measurements, will not flatter you at all."	0
Ag jeans have been a main stay for me. they are the most comfortable and best looking jeans on my body. however this pair was too tight and shorter then i liked. the fabric and color is beautiful. i wear the same size for ag no matter the design. but this one ran too small. i have to return it. i will try the next size up if they still have them.	0
"I'm not sure if the top i received was damaged or if the design didn't consider gravity but this is not what i expected. i really want to like this top, but i don't see how i can wear it."	0
"Not sure who this is for but its not for me. skirt was long, stiff and puffy on my hips. i could not get it to lie correctly. maybe you have to be 6' to pull this off..."	0
"Very disappointed the back of this blouse is plain, not as displayed."	0
"The fit on this is so strange. the middle string is definitely too long and the thin halter top offers hardly any lift. the print is lovely and the quality nice for the price. the cups are padded, which is nice i suppose, but would barely cover anything bigger than a c cup i'm guessing. i'm a 32dd, size 8 in pants, and size 4/6 in dresses and i ordered a medium. i also have a long torso, which probably didn't help."	0
"I&#39;m taller (5&#39;8), so it&#39;s not uncommon for things to be too short on me, but this was really short for the style.  it was very wide and loose all over in my usual size - both up top and in the wavy part below.  the style really just did not work with the length.  it looked very odd."	0
"I was very disappointed by the fit of this top. it is quite short (especially in the back) and very wide. i did not find it flattering. on a positive note, the fabric is nice and thick - very warm layering piece for fall. for sizing reference, i'm 5'5'', 122 lbs, and took my usual size xs."	0
Loved the design but jacket looked like 20 years old because of a lot of piling even brand new jacket at store. i wish they use better quality fabric so i would have purchased it.	0
"Got this in the sky color. returned it because the top is way too sheer for me, if you know what i mean. i wanted a pretty gown i can wear without a robe in front of my kids. no can do. also, for the price, material just felt flimsy & cheap. it does run small ~ the medium was good on me and i'm 5'2"", 114#, 34b"	0
I didn't realize that the grey sleeves are attached (i assumed that was just an undershirt on the model). needless to say it looks cheap and poorly made. will be returning	0
"I absolutely loved the patterns and colors of this skirt, if only the cut wasn't so odd. the sides of the skirt ""wing out"" for a very distracting and unflattering look. the stiff, felt-like quality of the material only makes matters worse. in that respect, the model photos are not at all accurate. it also runs large. i had to go down one full size."	0
"I bought this online in the grey and blue and had high hopes. it runs big so size down at least 1-2 sizes. i didn't realize that the sweater looking part on the forearms was part of the coat. that part of the coat is really nice and comfy. unfortunately, the rest of the coat (the wool part) is very itchy. it would've been awesome if it was lined on the inside, but it's not...so i'm taking them back."	0
"Very disappointed: runs small in chest and too long. the fabric is cheap but the print is pretty with the bead and flower detail. i don't think  this dress is worth the price, it is not even silk and the underlay feels like cheap gauze. i have been in the fashion industry for over 30 years and this is a miss mark in my opinion. put it back on the rack, and save your $ for something better at sweet retailer!"	0
"I had fallen in love with the coral dress that was somewhat like this one and came out a few months ago. but the problem i'm having with this one is the same problem i had with the coral one. they are all flawed in their construction! i had eventually tried 3 size 16s in the coral because each one was flawed. on one, one side hung longer than the other, and on all 3, the top design did not line up with the bottom design. this blue one is the same way! the top design does not line up with the bot"	0
"I tried this blouse on and loved the style, comfort and color of the peach so much that i was preparing to buy it. when i pulled the sleeve the fabric came away from the cuff. i tested another spot pulling only gently and the same thing happened. too bad since the color would have been a great addition for me.   but--i also tried the blue and it gets 4 stars, as the fabric is much better. it too is adorable, soft and did not tear on gentle testing. the two blouse colors are made from different"	0
This skirt has no closure along the slit. i can't begin to understand how it could be worn as shown in the photo-you would be completely exposed. it completely baffled me	0
"Lovely colors and print. my problem with this dress was that the bust was on the smaller side (it will fit those with a smaller chest nicely!), and worse, the beading on the bodice was attached with black thread, which showed through the sheer netting layer on top.   for the price, this particular detail should have been addressed."	0
As another reviewer wrote.. this is not the same jean featured on the website. same cut and style but it's a light denim wash with wiskering and worn look at the knees. i called customer service to see if this was a mistake and they said there was not really a way to check it unless i exchanged them. i didnt want the same wrong jeans again so i opted out ... too bad they are cure.	0
"I was so excited to wear this shirt, even after reading the review that it curls up i decided to give this shirt a shot, and i found that the same thing happened to me. it also clings tightly to the body. i would not recommend this shirt for anyone with broad shoulders."	0
"I have somewhat sensitive skin and this fabric is awful! in addition to it having no give, feeling like it will stretch out, and being slightly see-through, it is super scratchy!! it has little bits of what look to be tree material in the fabric.. awful!"	0
"I ordered these twice just to be sure there wasn't a glitch. the color is so off! the picture shows a dark blue denim, but they are not they are a light blue - with whiskering! retailer you need to have a better image of the color because this is so misleading."	0
I love off the shoulder looks and had high hopes for this top. unfortunately the folded top portion doesn't stay down at all. i found myself pulling at it all day and eventually gave up. the material is also not the best.	0
Fight a bit snug over the bust then widens like a bell. not as cute as it looks in the photo. returned.	0
"I really wanted to like this top, but unfortunately it is not as pretty or flattering in person. the yellow looks dirty in real life, not pretty like the picture. it is also a strange fit/shape when it is on. i tried it on in the store and did not like it at all."	0
I ordered a med petite. usually this fits but this shirt was long and the sleeves wouldnt stay down. as a regular shirt it was not cute.	0
"The image does not show but the front of the dress has a heavy 24"" utility zipper hidden with 5 snaps. the zipper pull, when closed, sat right on my collarbone, which was he height of discomfort. it felt heavy and awkward. the dress was very high waisted for me (i'm 5'6"" and it was 3"" inches above the navel)) also to the point of discomfort.  an invisible side zipper would have made the difference for me if the proportions were better suited for a non-petite sizing.  the fabric is quite beautifu"	0
"I was so excited about this top, as the picture of the model it looks beautiful and drapey in just the right way. unfortunately, this top feels like an old grandma's polyester suit, the sides are much shorter than the front & back and the combo of the inner lining and the outer fabric feels awkward with the inner piece being significantly shorter the the outer. it also puffed out a bit at the top of the shoulders in a strange way, due to the layered fabric.   sadly, going back."	0
This dress was really odd. i loved the quirky mixture of the blue stripe and the floral but that's about it. the shape was unflattering but honestly that could be because this dress ran large. i was just very underwhelmed with this dress. also the hidden button zipper at the front was an amazing idea but not the best execution. overall its okay just hated it on me.	0
This top was very cute but super short- and i am a short waisted petitie person-the waistline hits above your belly button- looks very silly.	0
"I tried this on in my regular size and was able to get it on fine, but the cup portion of the suit was just crazy! with the straps tied tightly around my neck, it was like the cups just flipped out and open. i am a regular b cup, and i don;t think it was sizing (though i did not have the opportunity to try multiple sizes). the cup did not right and, for this reason, would make this absolutely impossible to wear. unfortunate, because the design is so pretty."	0
"On me, thsi was ginormous, looked like a mu mu. it is pretty, but there was just too much fabric, even in the smallest size. the quality seems nice, and it looks pretty, but overwhelming. i will say, i think it would work on tail lean people, i have pretty muscular shoulders, so the off shoulder look with that much fabric made me look 30 pounds heavier, no joke. fabric is soft though. give it a try, just not for me...  ref: 115 lbs, 30dd, 26.5 in waist."	0
I am usually a size o and ordered and xs ...due to the band in the center (not much give) it was a little difficult to shimmy over my hips but the body fit perfectly when i got passed that part. that being said the cup design is a hot mess. i am a b/c cup size and the top on this could not handle it. i felt fully exposed. i thought maybe if i went a size up i could get a little more coverage. the body felt ok on the small but the cups were still just too small. i still felt to exposed. they are	0
"The cups on this suit are  ridiculous.  unless you are going to a nudist beach i do not recommend.  the construction of the suit itself was also vey poor. seams were messed up, a big pull right on the front-- i brought it back. sad because the design was adorable- just poor execution."	0
"Love the top, but very small to the size. ordered a medium and had to send back in exchange for x-large."	0
"This product looks great on the model, but for anyone with a normal body type, the band in the center is way too tight. i'm a 34a and wear a 27 pants and it was huge in the bust and too small in the waist and hips. the violet one looks much more blue in the photograph, it is truly lavender and purple. i really wanted to love this swimsuit, but instead i had to return it, pay for return shipping, and i am out about $20 now. very disappointed."	0
"Even in my usual petite small size, this looked bulky and made me look stumpy. disappointing because the style looks so good in the picture and the material looks to be good quality. i don't even know if going down a size would have helped. as others have mentioned it looks like a frumpy house robe."	0
"There's just nothing special about it. it runs small and the fabric is itchy. the design with button caught my eye, but i didn't like it well enough to keep it."	0
"I ordered first the green, then the grey (in case the green was mismarked.) so short!! is this to be in keeping with the ankle pant trend?? anyone who wants a shorter pant could easily hem them. but there is no way to lengthen them. i held the new pants up to an older pair from previous years. they are a full 2 1/2 inches shorter! wow! note how in the photo of the golden color pants they barely skim the model's ankle. that's how they are in real life. i wear these pants in a tall, and live"	0
"Big pockets make it look more like a bathrobe than a coat. there are no internal pockets and the loops for the belt are pretty skimpy - just a bit of string. the color is great, but the quality leaves something to be desired."	0
"Unfortunately, does not look anything like in the picture. looks like an oversized house robe. i expected much more but was disappointed. i am definitely returning it."	0
"I am a sucker for a peasant dress. i love anything i can toss with a pair flats and head out the door, but this dress is ridiculous. i look like a schoolmarm. the white bib collar takes this dress into costume territory. i love one september and have many items from the brand that i wear regularly, so i'm bummed that this wasn't what i expected. i knew it would have flow, but it's more billowy than i wanted. stay away unless you want to look like a little girl on the first day of school."	0
"I have purchased many dresses from retailer for weddings and events.  this is the first time i have been disappointed with the quality.  however, the sleeve on this dress ripped after lifting up my toddler son in the middle of a wedding.  the size 4 seemed to fit perfectly, but the fabric had no give.  it was not overly tight in the bust as i am bra size 34aa.  for the price, i expected better.  the color and style of the dress is gorgeous, so perhaps ordering one size up is the answer. . ."	0
"Usually wear s and xs, tried this in s at store but the sides were still lumpy after zipping the size zipper up. if i tried xs it would have looked better but may be bit too tight. the sides of the arm holes were also cut very low. it also has a dusty grey sheen to it that makes it look like old velvet in a bad way. two layers, green on outside, and a polyester beige layer underneath.  but definitely a showpiece that can be paired with a short jacket."	0
"Dress was a disappoint. very thin and cheaply made, not worth the money at all. pictures make it look much better than in real life. top area is also made small so if you are busty, this is not the dress for you."	0
"I purchased this to wear on the same day. it did have a strong smell ! i tried airing but didn't help much so didn't wear. tags are cut so will probably give a try after washing (by hand, my fault for not checking this part). it is a bit over my price range for a casual top, so hoping i'll end up loving it!"	0
"The shirt is beautiful, but fits much too small. the stitching limits the space in your shoulders, and the hem too short. a petite frame would be able to pull this off- but i am a 5.10"" medium, and the shirt didn't work in every direction."	0
"I'd been waiting to snatch up this jumpsuit as it looks so cute online, so when it went on sale i ordered it right away. well i was thoroughly disappointed. i agree with some of the other reviewers, the fit is odd, huge on top and too snug on the bottom. being made of flimsy silk it has no give and didn't hang well on my curvy body, being too loose in some areas and too snug in others. also the top is embroidered while the bottom isn't. the material is thin and and it definitely isn't high enoug"	0
"This item is pretty, the print on the fabric is nice and reminiscent of embroidery, but only the top portion has a few embroidered accents. my issue with it is it's very impractical. the fabric is extremely thin, and you wouldn't want to wear it in any weather below 75 degrees. it's ridiculous to advertise this product for a fall/winter season. the tube top underneath doesn't work very hard to stay up, and isn't a very practical way to hold up the jumpsuit (why wouldnt they just stitch a lining"	0
Very sheer inexpensive material. even on sale i'm returning it	0
"This shirt smelled so bad when i received it (and i am not at all sensitive to smells). is it from the dye?  i tried it on anyway. it is shapeless and nothing special. at almost 80 bucks it is so over priced."	0
"The turqoise color is pretty, however, it did smell bad out of the package. i wore it once and it transferred the dye to my skin and white pants, bra and cami! hope it all comes out in the wash. i tried to hand wash the shirt and now have blue hands and a blue tub."	0
"This is a rare review for me, i usually love my retailer purchases, even at times when other reviewers aren't fans, but this top is terrible. 5'4"" 103, 32 b for reference, small frame, athletic, bought the xs in black. the length could have been longer, but i could have lived with the length. the arm hole area, however, a different story. because it's boxy, and the fabric is stiffer bc of the large flowers, the top sticks out on the sides under the arm holes leaving a gape, it did not fit snuggly"	0
"This shirt had an overpowering vinegar odor when i took it out of the packaging.  the mint green color was appealing but the styling did not look good and the smell was too much."	0
"I bought 3 shirts in gold, black and red. they arrived larger than expected. after the first wash and air dry they shrunk. i would have been thrilled but they shrunk to be shorter while staying too wide. also my black shirt faded a lot with one wash."	0
"Fits large, wrinkles easily and not what i expected for the price."	0
This is a cute top but i wore it for around 5 hours and lo and behold i had smurf skin. i did not sweat in it but the color transferred to my underarm area and bra and it did not come off in the shower!! i guess it's going to have to wear off. thank goodness it was not a hot day!! i hope that i can return it.	0
"I have to return this top. the armholes are huge. the material is on the thin side and not what i expected. i can't size down. i got an xxs. maybe if i had been able to order a petite, it would have fit better. i ordered the red and i liked the color."	0
"I too will be returning this sweater. love the style, shape and fabric, but after one wearing it has pilled terribly and now looks old and cheap."	0
"Unfortunately, this dress is shaped like a sack and has no shape to speak of. i have sent it back for a refund :( too big, too shapeless."	0
"Love the silhouette and coziness of the fabric. for the first few wearings, i was in love. then it began to pill horribly . . . would not recommend. my mother said, ""that's going to pill up."" and i ignored her. and she was right."	0
The fabric is soooo thick. the pattern is very spring/summer but the heavy thick and lined fabric says otherwise. the pockets are great and the fit was true to size but that fabric killed it for me	0
"Looks beautiful in the photo and the color in person is beautiful but it runs so so large that i think even an extra small would be too large for me. just for comparison, and i wish all reviewers would include this, i am 5'5"" and weigh 120 pounds. i ordered a medium which a small to medium is my usual size but i ordered the medium because i wanted to have room to wear something under it. i could have worn two sweatshirts under this sweater. unfortunately i have returned it."	0
"Wanted to love this dress, bit it wasn't to be. strange fit, and doesn't drape nicely, as in the photo. also, the blue color was much darker in person. wouldn't recommend."	0
I was looking for a casual dress for quick errands that was trendy but comfy.  this dress had a lot of potential [i was drawn to the print]  but the material is awful. so thin and scratchy! immediately went back.	0
"Just a ginormous, shapeless shirt. runs extremely large. i am normally a medium to large in shirts and the medium was huge. i can only imagine an xs would work and i am no xtra small!"	0
This would be a great blouse for flat chested person. i am a size 12 and busty. i ordered an xl and it was ridiculously tight across the chest and the fabric is see through. you would need to wear a cami under it.	0
"Agree with previous reviewer. i am usually an xs p in this brand (5'3"" 115 lbs) but i could not get the internal slip over my head. the chest area was fitted (i am a 32b) but then the skirt was very full and loose. i could have cut out the slip, but worried it would be see through and just not worth it at full price."	0
"I purchased these in january and today i am going back to retailer to request a refund; the fabric on the inner thighs are absolutely thread bare. i am 5'6 and wear a size 28. they fit comfortably with great stretch, but apparently the fabric is so cheap that if your thighs should happen to touch, you will wear holes through the thighs in very short order.  first they started piling, which i had never a pair of pilcro pants do before, and within 2 washes i could actually see through the f"	0
"Quality piece except the fit is way off. i have a 32 c bust and long narrow torso, larger on the bottom. i ordered the small. i frequently wear a small/extra small on top and i was busting out of this in the chest area. however, the fit then flares way out from the torso and it just looked dumpy and overpowered my 6 foot frame. i marked it as running small, which it does on top, but then it runs very large on bottom. wanted it to work, but didn't."	0
"I've been looking for the perfect white eyelet maxi, feels like a perfect summer staple...but sadly this was not it. quality isn't great which is surprise on a $168 price tag. top of dress is lined but cheaply so it's somewhat see through. the dress was returned."	0
"I really wanted to love these, i bought them in a rush because i needed to replace my skinny jeans asap. they were a little long and didn't quite hug my calves but i figured with hemming they would be fine. i was told they wouldn't stretch out much. well, they fit great at the waist but the legs are now huge on me and i can't get them to shrink. wish i spent a little more on a different skinny jean. too late to return, so my hoping to be going out jeans are now lazy day jeans."	0
Ordered this vest on line and returned it due too poor quality .	0
"I would not recommend these pants if you have a curvy or athletic figure. these pants seem to be cut straight up and down. the fabric is not soft, the color is slightly more muted in person, and they are not as relaxed as they appear to be on the model."	0
"It just isn't that flattering on me. it looks kind of old and dingy, even though it's brand new. it fits fine, but doesn't do much to highlight my curves. it just kind of hangs there. the length is somewhat awkward (i bought the petite version). maybe it would look good on someone tall and skinny, like the model. it's gathered around the stomach area and longer in the front, which reminded me of maternity wear. it does appear to be pretty well made; top part is lined. overall it's not terrible,"	0
This top was much more fitted than expected and was not flattering. i would not recommend.	0
"The material was thin, showed every lump you'd rather hide and clung to the body. even the sleeves were tight. looked inexpensive."	0
"1. this looks so cute on the model, doesn't it? i have no idea where you wear a suit with hot pants, but it looks cute.  2. that said, keep in mind the model is probably 6 feet 10 inches tall. i'm 5 feet 6 inches tall, and this jacket came down to my knees. i'm not kidding. the 3/4 length sleeves were at my wrist, so more like 7/8 sleeves.  3. i'm normally a size 12 in cartonnier jackets, but this only comes s, m or l. the medium is really a size 10, which was too tight across the shoulders and"	0
"I ordered an xxs and it is extremely short in length. another customer had a similar review, but i still took a chance that it would fit well. the sides of the shirt have slits, and because the shirt is too short, it shows the skin on my hips. the rest of the shirt fit fairly well, but i'll still need to return this top."	0
"I was really looking forward to these tees working, after reading the reviews. unfortunately, they had slits on the sides that came up higher than i was comfortable showing my sides just above my jeans. trying to keep it age appropriate."	0
"I have to agree that the fit is unfortunate. i am using a size 2 in retailer and most dresses. i knew to size up based on reviews here. i tried the size 4 and i could barely button the top. the waist fit fine and the underarms was fitted nicely to the body. i sized up to a size 6 and the dress was oversized in the top, with gaping armholes. too bad because the color is beautiful and the style is adorable."	0
"Runs small. i'm usually a size sm for retailer clothing (for reference, i'm 5'4, 129lbs, 36b). the tie around the waist of this dress is not a functional tie that you can relax a bit to give yourself more room around the waist. i could not fasten the buttons to close the dress on the size 8. the size 10 fit enough to fasten the buttons but there was a lot of extra fabric and the arm holes were very large. pretty, vibrant colors but size up and be warned of the large armholes."	0
"Normally, hd in paris brand is spot on for their dresses. this dress is a big thumbs down. as most of these reviewer's and myself point out, the large arm holes do not allow you to wear a regular bra because you don't just get a peak of your bra, you get to see the whole side of it. secondly, the bust of the dress would work only for an a-cup bra, too small for the average woman. the only bright spot with this dress is the brilliant colors available and the quality of the fabric itself - excelle"	0
"I pretty much am in agreement with the first, original reviewer on here. big disappointment, especially if you have hips and are busty. _____________ pros: - great breathable fabric. - cute look overall. - sash in front brings it all together. - buttons are hidden under a panel of fabric, which is a nice touch. ____________ cons: - runs very small in the bust. normally, i can wear a 10 or 12 with most of retailer's stuff. i tried on a 12 and it fit everywhere with entirely too much room i"	0
I really loved this dress in the store when i tried it on the color and fabric were perfect for summer but once i got this home i noticed the placket wouldn't lay flat across the bust like shown in pictures. when i went up a size it was too large under the arms so this one will sadly have to go back to the store.	0
"On a positive note the dress was very well made, great quality as usual from retailer. however. this dress looked like a sack, i believe it may have been the combination of the drab color and the sack like shape. very plain and unflattering. for reference i am 5 5 140lbs 34c ...so i do have a shape it just did nothing for me. it had to go back."	0
"I received this dress in the mail yesterday. right away, i noticed the coloring wasn't quite the same as it appears in the images online. in person, the hints of brown appear more bronzy and shiny, as opposed to more muted. i was willing to look past that, but then i tried it on. i ordered a small, which is my typical size in retailer dresses. it ran quite large and was way to long for me (i am 5' 4''). overall, between the coloring and sizing, this dress wasn't a hit for me."	0
"It's a beautiful lace designed tank top in a vibrant navy blue; however, the lace on the hemlines were snagged.  the top was much shorter than i had anticipated.  i'm returning it to the store, unfortunately."	0
"I saw this dress worn on the street and thought it was lovely, the perfect work dress. i then found it in the store and my size was already sold out, so i visited another retailer, and another to find it. unfortunately the color blocking on the chest was not very flattering for me, it seemed to overly accentuate it. i am 5'9"" a 36 dd size 12. the colors, the fabric are all wonderful. but this dress is not for me."	0
Unless you have the body of the model - tall and very thin and wear a really small size - don't even think about getting this dress! it's literally a heavy sack. it hit right above my knee in the front and basically mid-calf in the back. the material is nice but it's an awful shape!	0
"Given that i am petite with thighs (take a size 6p or 28p) these were not for me! the run small, are really tight from the thigh up, run longer that a petite should and are fairly thin. on top of that the zipper and hook in the back are really inconvenient. i was looking for something i could wear to work, and these were not the right style for that. plus they seemed cheaply made, like they wouldn't stand the test of time. i imagine if you are tall and skinny like the model, they would look good"	0
"There were no reviews when i purchased this dress. from the picture with the model, the dress looks to be a straight shift dress. i received mine yesterday and the dress flairs out and isn't straight. it is also pretty large. i ordered a medium as the smalls were sold out and i'm not sure i will keep it. still on the fence. dress is shorter than pictured as well. sleeves are shorter than shown. now, after having seen the dress and looking at the online picture, i think the model is holding her a"	0
"I really wanted to like this top, just got it in mail today, but unfortunately it did not work well for me because i'm 6 ft tall and the blouse was too short. i like the look and how it feels and i haven't completely decided whether to return it, but here are the issues i have encountered with this top. the blouse is very pretty and has a nice refreshing style with good print and color, very soft too, unusual for rayon of this type, feels more like thin delicate cotton. i got my top in red, size"	0
"First, it's huge. i'm not big busted but it's so roomy that i looked like i was pregnant. not exactly what i was going for. nice color and soft fabric but would only work if you plan to tuck it in--and i'm short waisted so no tucking for me. back it went."	0
"This top is on the boxy side but the design is cute and i love the pink color. the problem i had with this shirt is the huge arm holes. one side you could see the top of my bra, the other side was below the side of my bra. you could also see the inside back of the shirt through this arm hole, it was that big. this went back, will not re-order. i usually order xs or xsp, this was an xsp."	0
"This blouse was so cute, i really wanted to love it. as others mentioned, there is something wrong with the fit. i'm not a large person, but the top was tight even though i ordered a medium and a small."	0
Received this product with a gaping hole in it. very disappointed in the quality and the quality control at the warehouse	0
So unflattering! really disappointed. made me look 6 month pregnant and i'm a petite size 2.	0
"I really loved this top. however, i couldn't get it on. i tried on a medium (my usual size.) it's not that it was too small. something else is wrong with it. the large was way too big. too bad, i really wanted this look."	0
"This shirt looked cute until i tried it on... worst fit ever. im thin, and this style of top is usually quite flattering, but this one missed the mark big time."	0
"This top was too big for me. 5'4, 135lbs and ordered xxs. fit was fine and wanted it too work, but too overwhelming on me as well. will be going back."	0
"I thought this would look great with skirts, but all my skirts are too dressy for this t-shirt. that's really all it is -- a nothing-special t-shirt. and it runs so big! i'm usually a large or xl in tops, but for this one i bought a medium, and it's still too big. i think a small would have been fine. but, as i mentioned, it doesn't go with any of my skirts, so it's not worth looking for a small."	0
"I ordered the black & white, 00 petite. i'm 5' 2"", 96 lbs. and i order petite sizes all the time. the length for the size i ordered is about 23"" (on the back, from neckline) which is great for me; however, the length on the sides is way too short. the distance between the armpit on the blouse and the side hem is only 9.25"", so my skin shows on the sides all the time when wearing regular jeans. not at all the way it shows on the model. i would order 00, regular length, but then the sleeves will b"	0
I wanted to love this sweater but the fit is just awkward. it is very short and box and ends up being very short in the back. i am going to return this item.	0
This shirt runs very large. i will be returning for a smaller size.	0
"Quality jumpsuit but poor design. the green made me look a bit like ""gumby the cartoon character"""	0
"The quality of the garment is high--a nice substantial yarn and a pretty crochet pattern, but the cut was totally off for me. i'm usually an xs/s, and was swimming in the xs. the arms in particular were huge and drapey, and the whole thing just hung on me (for reference, i'm 5'4"", 120 lbs)."	0
"Bummer, i fell in absolute love with these gems until i realized how weak the stretch is by the end of the day. i purchased them on the 13th of feb and can't bare to wear them anymore."	0
"The fit of the top is true to size, but i really don't like the taupe terrycloth-like sweatshirt under the white lace. the white lace is bright white and seems very sturdy, but it makes the sweatshirt underneath look very dirty and very noticeably taupe. it is terrible paired together. i also didn't like the feel of the terrycloth-like fabric against my skin. even though this is a good quality piece with a lot of interesting detail, i'm absolutely sending it back."	0
"I saw this at the store today. very excited about it but i had no idea how to get it on! there is a side zipper so i attempted to step into the jumper through the collar but could never get my arms through! from what i could see on my body, it would have been too short in the crotch. i decided not to fight with it to put on entirely. i gave up. cute shade of green though."	0
"Oh dear. the elastic waistband just ruined this skirt for me--it made it look so cheap. i assumed from the photograph that the skirt was a knit over a structured lining with a real waistband with a zip. instead, it's a sweatshirt knit with no lining and elastic. it looked cheap and hung a bit baggy from the elastic waist, making it a no-go for me."	0
I wanted to love this shirt. the fit was a little off and i wish it had come in a little at the waist to be more figure flattering before it flared out. the fabric is nice but wrinkles easily and in the white is see through.. sadly i will be returning.	0
"They look nice on the page, but they didn't work on my body. made me look big and boxy. maybe if you're super-skinny, they'll be fine."	0
"I loved these pants - super soft and cozy and perfect for winter. i've worn them a handful of times and have washed them maybe twice max and they already have 2 holes! they don't say handwash and my washer/dryer is brand new and pretty gentle on my clothes. maybe i just ended up with a bad pair, but i found the quality to be disappointing :("	0
"Ordered the biggest size available, the large. the arms are so tight, i couldn't get it on. looked like it may have fit in the body so i don't understand why so constricting in the arms. i don't have big arms, either. fabric is thin but the color is pretty. can't recommend. i'd pass on this one."	0
"So i bought this, even after seeing the other reviews. because i love the designer and their things are normally cute and different. this fits just as others describe. it was not flattering to me at all, 5""2. had to go back."	0
"I purchased the blue s (140lbs, 5'8"", 34b) and this was very large and boxy on me. not altogether unflattering but not so flattering that it justifies the price. the blue color is very pretty in person--darker and slightly marled. however, although this sweater is certainly cashmere (and very soft because of it), it is very thin--to the point that i consider this a ""top"" rather than a ""sweater."" the silk panel in back is pretty but, again, thin and unlined. i think that, even on sale, this is ov"	0
"Pretty shirt on the hanger, but there's a goof in the design. when i tried it on my 3d self, there became this weird ruffle right beside/below the bust that you can barely see in the right of the photo, now that i know it's there. the tulip nature of the shirt is pretty in concept, but where the top layer starts makes the fabric stick out right by your bust and it's not flattering, and i'm just a 34 b."	0
"I ordered a small from the online shop knowing it would be drapey, but it's much more than drapey. and the front draping looks like halloween costume material - not chic or sophisticated. sadly, i will be returning this top."	0
Dress is much different in person. thin ribbed cotton.  a little tight for xl.    it looks like a throw back dress from contempos.  returned and would not recommend	0
"This tunic is a perfect length for leggings. the mauve color got rave reviews on my first wearing. and the mixed media and asymmetrical styling gave the garment a unique appeal and made it quite flattering. however, when i wore it a second time, i noticed two micro holes in the sleeve. one near my wrist and the other at the shoulder. since i take extreme care when laundering my clothes, it seems this will have to be a return as the jersey knit is not strong enough to hold up in the delicate cycl"	0
"I wanted this jacket to fit on me like in the photo, but i guess my frame was still to petite. the fabric was also on the cheap end"	0
"It just didn't work for me. i don't know if it is my fair complexion and untanned legs, but this dress was a strike out. the orange floral design and beading is beautiful and the fitting i would say is pretty tts. for reference, i am 5'7"" and 145lbs with 36"" 30"" 40"" measurements and i purchased a medium. the chest and arms were not too tight like other reviews stated. the length is about the length in the picture and a lot of fabric to make it very flowy. overall, very good quality and beautiful"	0
If you like to wear lampshades this is the shirt for you. beyond unflattering. boxy and seriously looks like lace was stitched to the bottom of a lampshade	0
"I was very excited to receive these pants and wished they had worked out as the fabric is structured and yet comfortable. however, while stretchy they looked very tight on the thigh and yet were too big in the waist. i will acknowledge i'm a runner with somewhat muscular legs, but was hopeful these pants wouldn't cling to them. for reference, i'm 125 lbs and usually wear a size 25-26 in pants."	0
"Perhaps i have gotten too used to flowy shirts, or the cut of this was not right for me, but it felt too fitted around the rear end and the shoulders didn't lay right on me. sizing up would have only made it too big in the shoulders so i returned. i am 5'5"", 135lbs, 34c, curvy/muscular frame and ordered a size small."	0
"I ordered this in size xl. the ivory was as pictured. the lace details were well-done. but, the length was much shorter than on the model. i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. even the sleeves were on the short side, above my wrists. the main problem is how much it shed. just in trying it on, there was fuzz everywhere so i returned it. i love when retailer mixes lace into the knit of sweaters. this one just didn't work out."	0
"I was so excited when i ordered this, i love comfy clothing this looked perfect! when i received it, there was a weird smell with the top. convinced that this could be from storage or something, i washed it. the smell did not go away. i have washed it 3 times now and the smell will not disappear! i have not yet worn but as i have washed it, not able to return it. the top looks and feels great - just the weird smell. now i am 'stuck'!!"	0
"It is a beautiful sweater, but it is cropped and boxy."	0
Loved the look of this sweater online. was disappointed when i took it out of the package i was surprised at how stiff and itchy it was. i ordered my usual medium and though at first they shipped the wrong size it was small all over.  it felt cheep definelty not worth the high price. knew it was definitely going back	0
"I ordered these in both colors. the red is much deeper in person, more like a burgundy than pictured here. these tees are very slouchy. if you wanted a more fitted look, size down. these are very soft and very comfy and will pair well with ponte leggings and skinny jeans. the overall quality seems very good, although they are thinner than i thought they would be (they seemed like they would be thick and stiff to me based on the photos). ---------- overall these are very nice. but there is one is"	0
3 tags - one quite huge (about 2'' by 3'') - very itchy. so i cut out the tags and they are sewn with some kind of hard poky plasticy thread - now even more itchy! i will have to wear these inside out.	0
"I tried this on in the store and i couldn't keep it on my body for more then 30 seconds. it's extremely itchy, which is a pity, because i do appreciate the design. :("	0
"I wanted to like this top, as the fabric was nice and thick, but found that it dipped too low beneath the armpits, which would be ok if your lats are in perfect shape, but i've always found that cut made mine look a bit saggy (and i'm not heavy). not great enough to keep in my opinion."	0
"So disappointed in the abundance of polyester fabrics that retailer carries these days. especially at this price point. the pattern and style of this dress is beautiful, but i will never spend two hundred dollars (or even half that) on a poly dress. please add more linen, cotton, and silk!"	0
"After reading the glowing reviews i was excited to buy this on sale. i'm tall and lean, but found the dress looked slightly awkward and off on me compared to the model pictures. firstly, the top has a strange transition to the skirt, with extra fabric you have to either blouse over the skirt or bunch together. if you blouse it and lay flat, it invariably gets bunched as you wear it. this bunching changes the aesthetics of the color blocks, creating less clean lines. i also found the blue, black"	0
"After reading the reviews, i had high hopes for this dress but was disappointed that it wasn't flattering on me.  i'm 5'4"", 126 pounds and generally wear a size small, but the small of this dress looked more like a maternity outfit on me. it squeezed the bust a bit too much, and left open some of the areas just under the arms that could probably have used a teensy bit more coverage to be truly flattering."	0
I was disappointed with the style and quality of this dress. it poofs out funny in the waste and it just looks very unflattering. i'm sending it back.	0
"I had high hopes for this tunic for an upcoming ny trip - to look stylish and beat the heat. it is huge. the tunic swallowed my whole. it came down nearly to my knees (i'm 5' 6) and it was gigantic - shapeless and did not look stylish at all. on the model it looks like it hits mid-thigh. i am a size 10 - and the l was like a giant trash bag on me. if i had time, i would try the medium,..."	0
"Beautiful dress, but has an unflattering fit. i purchased an xs and it's past my knees and the bottom of the dress is so heavy! would be a perfect maternity dress though!"	0
"Beautiful shape and colors but the fabric felt heavier than i imagined. sort of like heavy drapes. also, the length (as others mentioned) was too long. i am not normally a petite but the regular was too long. unfortunately, it has to go back."	0
"Alas, i so wanted to love this. the photos of the models wearing it look gorgeous -- flowy, drapey, ultimate grecian goddess. but it just doesn't work unless you're super-skinny. too much material. almost bulky; strange looking. the print is so beautiful -- i love the pink floral, and i love the whole idea of the dress. but it just doesn't work. have to send it back.   (i'm 5'6"", 135 pounds, 38-30-38, and i ordered a 10.)"	0
"This ran a bit small; i'm normally a 2, this was a 4 and 'just' fit. the pattern was very 'digi,' the length was shorter than i hoped (i'm 5'1""), and the fabric, while structured, was just cheap and acrylic-feeling. pass."	0
"This could seriously fit a large and it's an xs. so frustrating!! this is the fourth retailer dress that is ordered that is just enormous. i get the whole ""loose fit"" style, but seriously??? you've taken it to a whole new level, retailer!!! another trip to the store to return another item. a complete waste of my time. ugh."	0
"This didn't work for me.  the piece looked cheap, rode very high...needed to be longer.  the piece looks incomplete for some reason to my eyes.  it also does not seem quality for an retailer piece.  this went back."	0
"I really loved the way this shirt looked on me. it's forgiving and flattering, and really lightweight. the fabric, however, couldn't even withstand half a day's wear without snagging 3 times and developing a hole right in the center. i have no idea how this happened, as i wasn't wearing or near anything that could have pulled at it.   such a shame. this could have been a staple wardrobe piece for me."	0
"Definitely agree with the other reviewers. this top looks great on the model, but pretty bad in real life. super boxy and has no give so everything just hangs. if you plan on ordering, i'd recommend sizing down."	0
I received this top in the mail today not what i expected at all! it is a great fabric just way too much of it. it is proportionally incorrect width wise. unfortunately this one will be going back.	0
I love tiny button down tops. this one didn't work at all for me. i was excited about the mix prints but on it looked like i was wearing a vest over a striped shirt. also the arm was frayed on the shirt i tried on.	0
"The fit of this top is nothing like in the photo. the blouse on the model must be pinned back to achieve that fitted silhouette. in reality this top is baggy and boxy and runs at least one size large. the embroidery, details, and soft material are great, but the fit is off entirely. this item is going back."	0
The color is completely off! i loved the way this vest looks in the picture! i was excited to have that vest but unfortunately what i received in the mail was a huge disappointment. it came wrinkled and the brown is not as rich as it is in the picture. very pale. horrible.	0
"I normally wear a medium in retailer dresses, but ordered a small due to the reviews that stated how large this dress is. they weren't exaggerating!!!! the small was way too big for me, and the xxs and xs are already sold out. beware that you will have to size down at least 2 sizes to make the dress fit similar to the model pictured. it is going back for me!"	0
"This dress really was huge, and not at all flattering. i don't know how they got it to look good on the model in the picture. material was nice and soft, but i really don't see how anyone could look good in this, no matter what your body shape is."	0
"Even on my 5'1"", short-waisted, 100 lb body, this was super short. it was also super boxy. not flattering at all. the blue was a good color but this is going back."	0
"I really wanted to love this sweater however it fell much shorter on my 5'10"" frame than it falls on the model, between my belly button and hip, and the sleeves ended just below my elbow and were much more voluminous than they appear in the product shot. i do have long monkey arms though, so on someone more petite it would probably fit more like the model shot. the quality of the knit seems nice, however the zipper used is very slim and light weight and got stuck twice just while i was trying i"	0
This is one of those dresses that looks so cute on the model but doesn't look anything like that in reality. it has no shape and it fits weirdly all over. i am normally a m and i ordered the s and it is massive.	0
"When i wore this the two times i did, i got a ton of compliments. it runs small, and is a bit tight when sized correctly but its really stunning. after the second wear, the fabric under the arms frayed and its now unwearable. i have to return it and am so disappointed. sadly, i would not recommend buying it for that reason."	0
"Pretty fabric, nice style, took it back."	0
"Dress looks beautiful, but the fitting is very off. i ordered a size 2 which is the dress size i usually wear ( i'm 5;4 and 115lbs). the chest area fits perfectly, but the hip area is extremely tight and the lower back area was lose. i exchanged it for a 4, the hip area was a bit tight and the shoulders were too lose. if i ordered the 4p, i have a feeling it would be too tight. it feels like, it's meant for someone with very small hips and a large abdomen. also, this dress is very stiff, can't d"	0
"I loved the way this shirt looked when i tried it on in the store buto when i got home i realized it's extremely sheer. you can't wear a white bra with it, for example because it will show through. taking it back."	0
"I see all the amazing reviews and on one hand, i agree with them. but these pants do run huge and they don't fit tailored like on the model. on me, they fit loose around the legs and thighs and they're super wrinkly. you'll have to iron these after every wear and every wash. i'm surprised to see the comment saying they're wrinkle resistant. they aren't. also, the kahki is more grey which i don't love. i got these on sale, but even at $50 i just can't justify keeping them. they're super comfy but"	0
"I ordered this skirt in a size small and when i received it, not only was it too long, but there was also a hole in it. so i returned it. when a small petite became available, i ordered it thinking it would fit better. i just received it and there is a hole in this skirt as well. both skirts also looked as if they had been worn; there was fuzz and lint all over the skirts. i like the skirt but i either have extremely bad luck or it's really bad quality."	0
I am not particularly large but i have thighs! this pair of pants was totally unflattering! my butt looked fine but everything else looked bigger and my legs looked like stumps. i now understand why it's on sale. you may like these pants if you are tall and thin legged. but otherwise skip them. plus the material seems like it would discolor or stain easily. i had a pair from retailer in the same material last year that developed an odd discoloration the first time i wore them.	0
"I wanted this romper so bad, after buying (and loving) a shirt from madewell made with the same fabric earlier this year. i wish this romper was just a little bit longer and roomier. i normally wear a size 10 or 12 and bought the large. it fit me ok but i felt like i wanted it to be just a little bit more oversized around my hips and definitely wanted it to be longer in the legs. (retailer please stop with the capri lengths! it's tired!!) if you are narrow-hipped you will fare much better. the fab"	0
"I loved this skirt. so flattering and such a beautiful fabric. unfortunately after only 2 wears, the waistband stretched out so much that it was falling off me (literally). i bought the right size and it was not too tight. the waist band material simply lost its stretch very quickly. very disappointing."	0
I ordered a small and the top part was huge yet the bottom a little snug. you need a big chest and small legs and bottom. too bad. it's very cute.	0
"I was so excited to receive this top!!! the material and design is gorgeous but it is way way way too short!!! i'm 5'7"" with an hourglass shape/average build and it barely hit the top of my pants! it otherwise fit true to size. so disappointed!!!! and for the price, it really should be cut better."	0
"The tops looks fitted on the model because she pressed her arms against the clothes. to my surprise, the tops actually is very very very r o o m y below the chest area. the appliques/laces on the front are made of low quality materials."	0
"I love the idea of this shirt, but the execution is absolutely horrible. i ordered online and what i received is just a mess. the stitching at the bottom has big globs of black thread. not just a few hanging off, but literally big clumps. a large portion of the stitching on the whole shirt looks like it should be on the underside of the shirt as the where the thread is tied off is on the outside!! the fit is just as big a mess. i always have to buy a large in fitted shirts because i have very br"	0
"I have other stevies, and these are nothing like them. the quality is very synthetic to a point that the material is shiny. the pants themselves run very small in the waist, approx. two sizes too small compared with other stevies. additionally, the cuff is sewn like that in place, and hits at an odd spot if you are taller or have strong calves. see how it gapes in the cuff on the model? like, a rounded bottom? that is way more emphasized in real life. buyer beware!"	0
"I have been struggling to find a nice flowy summer dress that isn't too short. i am petite but do not like to wear my dresses too far above the knee, so i ordered this in the 00 regular. this dress was not what i expected. it is not flowy, but rather a heavy and stiff fabric. it is also way too wide. it looks like it can't decide whether to be a box or a bag. it is also shorter than advertised. last thing to disappoint was the color - darker and more muted than the photo on the website. i can't"	0
"I totally agree with the last reviewer. i'm 5'2"" 115 pounds with somewhat wide shoulders. the x-small fit my torso but was so tight in my shoulders i couldn't move my arms. the small was better but was too big in the torso. the material itself was really nice. too bad the fit was so awkward and unflattering."	0
Way too long...the sizing is incredibly off on this product. order a size or two down.	0
"The top looks better on the model than in-person. it fits loose and looks boxy and matronly. i don't like the sleeve length or the top style, it just didn't look flattering or good. i am sending it back. looks very boxy."	0
"I bought a size small in this dress even though i am usually a large at retailer. it just hung strangely and clung to the unflattering parts of my body but seemed very large. i loved the feel, color (grey) and style of the dress, but i ended up returning it because of the fit. it also requires something under it since it is fairly see-through."	0
"Got this in the blue and was so excited. while it looks cute, someone had clearly bought this, worn it, and returned it. it had human and dog hair all over it. not to mention some kind of red strings. it was pilling all over. so much for quality control!!! i don't mind buying used things but at least clean it up and give me a discount!"	0
Really wanted to love...but...the way it fit..lower part a tad too flowy...almost maternity like to hide a belly and the top area feels like my chest is being smushed! despite my bra size being a modest 36b...the look it gave was square on top almost block like with bottom that had flare...such a pretty top unfortunately the overall design just didn't work me.	0
This dress is super bulky and unflattering. the knit is loose and see-through. looks like it was knitted by a five-year old. if you need a dress that adds twenty pounds then this is for you. back to the store it goes	0
"Maeve is one of my favorite retailer designers. usually fall in love with a blouse, only to look at the tag and discover it's by maeve (go figure). this top is just atrocious though. does nothing for girls with a larger chest. very boxy and unflattering. gorgeous colors though, and the sleeve concept is cute. however, where the sleeve meets the shirt looks cheap and thrown on. not impressed."	0
"I splurged on this top and was sadly disappointed. i'm a 36d, and the l was so tight i couldn't get it over my chest. also the arms were super tight and the length is nearly cropped.  and the fabric is shiny, the picture makes it look like it's matte. if it did fit like the model i would've loved it. the print is beautiful though. bummer"	0
An awful dress! retailer why didn't you post my last review. i would not even give it a quarter of a star.	0
"My favorite colors are purple and green, so when i was in the store and saw the beautiful purple flowers on the top of this blouse and all up and down the sleeves, i was was blown away. i was disappointed by the bottom of it, just huge, flowy, green fabric with no design on it whatsoever. i went with my first impression and bought it, but now that i'm trying it on in the house, i'm still bothered by the throw-away bottom of this blouse. i'm thinking this is just another retailer maternity t"	0
"I was so smitten by this shirt when i saw it online. i love embroidery and purple is my favorite color. i am a size 10 and decided to order an l. the shoulders fit well, but the rest of it was huge...like another reviewer said...like a maternity top. i would also concur with the reviewer who said "" [what] takes away from the lovely purple flowers is the blotchy moss dye finish on the fabric."" this is so true. the embroidery does not stand out / is not highlighted like in the photograph; they hav"	0
"These shorts just didn't work for me. i loved the embroidery and the color, but i just don't have the curves for them. try these if you have an hourglass or fuller figure."	0
Very nice fabric and quality but runs very large. i had to return my pair of a size 0. stinks to pay for shipping on a product that looks so different in the picture.	0
"I purchased this in the yellow for my daughter and she has not seen it yet. the style is very cute, but the fabric is quite thin. she will have to make that call, but if i had bought it for myself, it would be going back. i'm not willing to wear a camisole under a t-shirt. it also feels like the kind of knit fabric that shrinks and skews when it's washed, so that remains to be seen."	0
"This simple lace top is beautiful and easy to wear, but do not wash it. the hem completely fell apart for me!"	0
"I love everything by cloth & stone so was excited to see that they made a dress. hooray! i ordered it in the xl, which is my usual size in their shirts. when i tried it on i was so sad to see that it barely fit around my tummy and hips! i am a true size 12/14 and the xl just barely gave me enough room to move. my chest also caused the dreaded ""button gape."" it is clear that they cut the dress for people with a stick straight figure. so disappointing!!"	0
"Tried this dress in a small. i am 5'6"", 135lbs, 34c. the small was huge - the sash helped some, but looked like a potato sack on me. also, i noticed the fabric was piling slighly in the store. i had high hopes for this dress but left this one in the store."	0
"I have these shirts in the blue and green and they were great. i'm 5'4"" c chest and athletic build - the small shirts fit pretty good and i love the fabric so i kept them. i really wanted these dresses to work but the cut was different even between the gray and burgundy. there was tons of room in the chest, but it was tight in the shoulders. i really wanted to love this, but there's just too many cut issues. it is a good length for work though."	0
"This dress would have been gorgeous and consistent with retailer's aesthetic if the designs had been embroidered onto a thick silk/jacquard fabric to give it texture, which is how it looks from the photo. obviously it would have been more expensive, but in any case, this was just a really expensive polyester dress, which it says in the product description, but i gave retailer the benefit of the doubt, thinking if anyone can make even polyester look like a quality product, it'll be retailer. but now i"	0
"While i love the fabric and the pattern, this skirt leaves too much to be desired. the full price is absurd considering what you get. there is no mention online that there is no built in slip, and as the material is extremely thin a slip is an absolute must. (see attached photo.) even in dim lighting you can see straight through.  also for this price point it is strange that the skirt is 'pull-on styling.' i would say that it is true to size, and i am usually a medium @ retailer, but i have a sm"	0
"I loved how soft this dress was, as well as versatile. however, i only got to wear it one time because after the first wash, a giant fabric tear happened on one of the seams. unfortunately, the fabric is so soft, but rather thin, and it didn't hold. the care instructions say machine washable but i wouldn't put it in the washing machine again. especially since i often have to wash clothes twice in the washer i use because it's so old and barely agitates. would love this if it was made a little be"	0
"I wanted to love this product so badly. i ordered it in the mail, and it looked beautiful coming out of the box. i normally look really nice in grey, but this color really washed me out and was not nice on. the fabric is very sheer, so you would have to wear it over a camisole/tank top. this is one of those pieces that looks better on the hanger than in person. large in arms, small on body. odd fit."	0
"I am sorry to say this blouse is way below all retailer standards. this top should have been placed on sale a long time ago! poor quality in cut, fabric, design. this is a top one would grab at a local box store for 19.99. the colors are not as vibrant. the shoulders ill fitted. and the fabric and threads are very cheap. i was expecting so much more.sorry retailer.....my favorite store to shop!"	0
"I bought these a great alternative to black jeans but they are headed back.  the texture is nice but let's call them what they are- thin, leggings.  not worth the price in my opinion.  honestly, i can't seem to find a pair of pilcros that i like so i'd spent the extra money on a better pair of black jeans."	0
"Like other reviewers have said, this is very sheer, look at the sleeve in the picture and you'll get an idea of how sheer the body is as well. the material posed challenges for it's creater because one top i tried on in the store had a sleeve that was smaller than the other, tight enough that it would have ripped if i weren't careful. tried on another identical top and the sleeves were a normal somewhat loose fit. bodice portion is much more intense pink in real life. loose, billowy, and perhaps"	0
"I didn't think top was very flattering and, while in the picture the mismatched hem lines in the collar looked cute in person it just looks odd. this is especially true of the back of the sort where the mismatched hem repeats at the bottom...just looks mis-sewn instead of purposeful. sadly this one is going back to the store."	0
"I love anything orange- when i saw this coat online, i ordered it as i loved all the features. the features of the coat are fun- however the coat came all bunched up in the package. i let it hang for a couple of days but the wrinkles were awful and even steaming and an iron would not take the creases away. i tried the coat on - the buckles were poorly made. i ended up returning this jacket."	0
"There was nothing i liked about this coat. it was definitely not designed with a chest in mind. the pins on the straps were already coming off the first time i tried it on. i usually like oranges too, but even this color turned me off."	0
"I wore this for the first time today, and after just about an hour, it gently nicked something and got a hole in the pack.  its so disappointing as i love they style and its so comfortable. very poor quality for the price :("	0
"I wish i had read the reviews before purchasing online. i love how this top looks online but when i tried on the small that i ordered, it was comical. so so boxy. literally, shaped like a square. it must be pinned back on this model. maybe if i ordered an xxxxs it would have worked...or perhaps for a larger person, it may look super cute! just didn't work on my slim build. :("	0
"The dress ran big but is tight at the bust, material is sooo sheer and the shape of the dress is off. you can't see the ruffle/ flounce that runs the bottom of the dress."	0
"This tunic could be great but there is some weird construction going on at the armhole. first of all, the armhole is way too low! second, there is a totally unnecessary side seam zipper under the arm. since this is a tunic it slips over the head no problem. no need for the side zipper, it adds bulk and distorts the way the fabric should hang at the side."	0
"I rarely write a really negative review and retailer is my favorite store ever. but this dress is awful. i ordered the black and white. the fabric is very poor quality. the colors are washed out. i almost didn't try it on, but i did and found that, for me, the fit was terrible (though some of the reviewer pictures are cute)."	0
"I ordered this to wear for a holiday party hoping to have something unique and dressy. it was too bulky at the shoulders and looked like something a football player would wear. the little ruffled flower pieces were random at the top and stuck out in all the wrong directions. it wasn't as elegant as the model pic (is it ever?) and for this price should fit like a glove. went back within seconds. also, it's pretty short, and bulky short isn't flattering on too many people."	0
"Long-time ag jeans fan. lately though, i'm finding the material is much too stretchy. i wanted a good pair of jeans. if i wanted pajama jeans, i would've ordered them. i found the same thing with the prima jeans i ordered (same review there). so back both pairs went.  it's a shame because the color was as pictured and just what i wanted. if only they had been made out of actual jeans material."	0
"I've worn citizens for almost 12 years now, i keep going back because i have an athletic figure (my thighs and butt are bigger than my waist), and usually citizens fit and hug all the right places and are made with a certain quality expectation - these did not meet any of those standards, the ripped as soon as i put them on. the material seemed cheap."	0
"This is a beautiful spring/summer dress, and the quality of the materials is great. i wanted to love it. but the sizing is ridiculous! i'm 5'3"" and 115 and i think you could fit three of me comfortably in the xs. while the pictures of the model in the dress don't suggest it has a shapeless cut, it definitely looked like a sack on me. a sack with a lovely print, but still an ill-fitting sack."	0
"I ordered this in a 4 (34b, 140lbs., 5'8"") because it looked like it would run big, and it definitely does! the 4 fit comfortably but the cut of this dress made me look about 10 lbs. heavier than i am. i am pear-shaped and this dress made me look very bottom heavy, so i returned it. that said, the material is gorgeous!, as it is the perfect weight and the colors are much more striking and complementary in person. if i had a straight(er) silhouette and a larger bust, this dress would have been a"	0
"I'm so upset that this didn't work out. i'm petite at 5'2 and ordered this skirt in petite, however, i felt like it swallowed me up. the fabric is thick and warm so this is definitely only cold weather attire. i'm the picture it looks like there is a little leg showing, but on me, i feel like a schoolmarm. sadly, this is going back."	0
"Ugh! i am not sure how anyone is giving this good reviews. i tried small, medium and large on and huge huge huge, boxy, fabric bunched at the shoulders and did i mention it's way too boxy? the fabric and pattern are so pretty but the fit is just awful. i would try this one on before purchasing."	0
"I so wanted to like this dress i ordered it for summer graduation and weddings. i usually wear a 4/s and even the xs is was too pig. it drapes like a smock. the material is heavy. the only thing pretty about this dress is the pattern and color.  still looking for the perfect dress..."	0
I was so excited to receive this topped then i tried it on. i am a petite and i normally wear an xs so i ordered it in both a size 0 and a size 2. it was huge! it looked like i was wearing a potato sack!!! i really wanted it to work because the fabric is absolutely beautiful! i am so disappointed.	0
This top is huge! i'm typically a size 2 or 4. i bought the 2 and its huge. it's wider than it is long. even if i sized down to a 0 it would still be too much fabric. i'm so disappointed! beautiful color and fabric but there's so much fabric. i love a flowy top but this one is way too much. :( i will be returning this top.	0
"Retailer consistently provides unique, sophisticated and quality made clothing. with the exception of an occasional purchase at their sister companies, i shop with them exclusively. i suppose that i can't expect 100% perfection from retailer-but 99% of the time-that's what i get. this is that 1%...this sweater is truly awful! i cannot (or find it very difficult at least) begin to describe what this sweater is like but it is so unlike retailer that, had it not been for the distinct pattern on the front"	0
So much extra fabric. not something i would recommend buying online.	0
The top ran too large and it made me look more bustier than i am and rounder in my midsection by how it fell on me. maybe would've been better for someone with a smaller bust. the quality of the fabric was just okay.	0
"What a beautiful, comfortable material and the colors are stunning. i'm so disappointed at the unflattering cut. it fits like a shapeless tent, even the arm holes have big gaps that aren't snug. i am 5'2, 105lbs, and ordered the xxs petite."	0
"After reading the reviews i sized down to a 6. once i received it, i loved the fabric and color, however it was so ill-fitting. it's like the designer didn't even use female measurements and used a box to make this top--too wide. i liked it so much that i sized way down to a 0 and it still fit horribly. it is too wide and not long enough. both are going back!"	0
"Whatever happened to sizing! pretty print and color but has enough fabric for 2 tops. it is also unlined which is not a huge issue. i wore it with a cami. the arms weren't too gaping for me, thankfully. i tried to make it work with a wide belt but i will have to get it tucked on the sides. i am 140 lbs and got the small. should have gone 1 or even 2 sizes smaller."	0
"Was very disappointed with this dress. it's very baggy, no shape. felt like an oversized sack. purchased in med. bust area was only semi good fit all else flopped :("	0
"I bought this t-shirt in pink, blue, red, grey and black over the past year. every one of them except the grey, has gotten little pin holes in the front of the shirt below your waistline. i've returned them all. the fabric is thin and the quality of the t/shirt is terrible."	0
Love this top! but unfortunately i returned it for exchange coz it was too small for me. hoping there's a sz sm in stock.	0
"I had really high hopes for this shirt after reading the reviews. first off it runs really small. i usually wear a small or medium ( 4 or 6) i couldn't even get the 6 on. i probably could have even done a 10. the fabric was extremely flimsy. i was almost afraid i was going to rip it taking it off. other than the sizing and the fabric, it just wasn't flattering on me."	0
"Loved this online, but the xs was too big and the material was too bulky."	0
Does not say ribbed. did not want ribbed. would not have bought ribbed	0
"This skirt looks and feels cheap, and the color is much more green than pictured. additionally, i comfortably wore a size 4 and then lost a few pounds, and this is still way too tight to be flattering."	0
Super itchy! had to return.	0
"This is a beautiful skirt, but runs very small. i usually wear a size 8 and could not get the side zipper closed....at all."	0
I usually wear a 6 and ordered two other skirts at the same time. the other skirts fit perfectly and this one was more like a size 2. very disappointed for i really liked the idea of it.	0
"This top is beautiful in design, but sadly, i will be returning. it is hand wash, and even after doing so, i had 2 unraveled threads resulting in large holes. unfortunate since it was so flattering before washing."	0
I bought the black and gray fleece lined leggings. i thought the price was great. too good to be true. you get what you pay for. once i opened the box they smelled awful. it was a chemical smell. i washed the black pair twice and it was a little better. i have washed the gray 5 times and it still smells.	0
"I'm 140 at 5' 8"". pear shape. the pockets really opened up when i put them on and didn't lay flat. loose on leg opening - which i liked. but the pockets sticking out around the hip area made my pear shape even wider. i got a medium"	0
I couldn't even figure out how to wear this sweater the fit was so odd. the arms cut off short and the seams don't hit your shoulders where they should. all the extra fabric around the collar is just confusing and unflattering. moving around in it was not easy. i will return this one!	0
The top red is more like orange. was disappointed and returned it	0
"Love tiny. i am 5'7"", 125-128 lbs depending on the day, and a 34a. i also have a very long torso, and tiny shirts are one of the few brands that are usually long enough for me. this one, however, was a huge miss. i ordered online in my usual tiny xs. it was much too big around and felt shorter in the front than stated, so it looked boxy on me. however, the worst part was the placket. the description doesn't note that it's held together with a tiny snap. that snap takes nothing to undo, and then"	0
Loved the look of the sweater and the the fit was as shown.  however this is a thin cashmere for the price.  returned.	0
"It looks adorable in the picture... but just not flattering in real life. too much fabric in the skirt that flares from the waist in a bunchy, unflattering way. makes a slender but curvy figure look boxy, rather than enhancing curves. it's a pass. love the blue print, though."	0
"I have had this shirt for a little over a month. i've wore it maybe 3-5 times and there is a small hole in the middle of the sleeve on my shoulder. it's not even on a seam, so i can't fix it. i expect much better quality from retailer. don't buy this. the quality is very disappointing. which is really unfortunate because this is a very nice fitting shirt and goes well with pencil skirts."	0
"Oh boy...i didn't get this one, and it runs small. too bad."	0
"I love the colors and style of this poncho, however, the fabric is a total miss.  it is so scratchy, i developed a serious rash within the first 1/2 hour of wering it. also, unfortunately, the fabric is not woven tightly, so the poncho does not keep you warm, the wind whips right through it. it is disappointing that while the styles of retailer have remained top, the quality of their clothing has steadly gone down the hill. i hope retailer will put more effort in bringing the quality back."	0
"This blouse is stunning on the website ;however, it is totally sheer which you cannot tell from the photo. i was very disappointed and will be returning."	0
"I loved this dress when i saw it online, perfect for a summer wedding, but when i tried it on i was very disappointed. the fabric and styling are gorgeous and very high quality but the sheer amount of fabric on this dress is just not as pictured. there is layer after layer of silk and ruffle and while lovely, it made me look very large. i tried tying the belt many ways to no avail. sadly, it will have to go back. it may look good on a very thin frame but didn't complement my average one."	0
"I had such high hopes for this blouse, as it looks totally stunning online. however, it's not as pictured/described in that it is totally sheer and the brand is not floreat, but rather hd in paris. for the price, the quality is just not there...i've seen comparable shirts at other stores for much less. i returned it without a second thought."	0
I got fooled by this dress's description. it's 100% polyester and not wool as it claims to be! looks cheap.returned it!	0
"I'm 5'2-5'3 which is supposed to be the max height for pieties in retailer (former employee) and while the bodice hit right, the skirt was insanely long. not even with heels is this gonna be right. and no discount towards hemming? i'll wait until this hits the sale rack, which it will because concensus is, it's way too long."	0
It's the inverted invert ... not so obvious at first but then it shrunk and was harder to ingnore.	0
"Thought this would be great for a laid-back wedding in new mexico, but didn't fit. i am a 12-14 and the 14 barely fit my chest and arms. not flattering. material did not seem very breakthable. had to return. better luck next time."	0
"Looks lovely in the picture but looks poorly made in person, runs very small. i returned it."	0
"I was excited to get this romper, but it just didn't work. i'm petite with a large bust and the blousy design of the top portion just hung like a bag on me. returned."	0
"After washing this top pilled terribly. it is beautiful, but only for one use."	0
"I followed the other reviews and sized down. normally, i'm a small/medium in retailer (5'8""/135 for clarification) and i expected the garment to be a bit roomy. i ordered the small and when it arrived i almost called the corporate office to ensure i didn't have to pay rent on the romper, given that you could comfortably fit a small family of five in it. oddly, the arm-holes were normal sized? i returned this mess."	0
This dress was very boxy and unflattering. i really wanted to like it because the blue and white details were so pretty but it had to go back.	0
"I agree with the other review. the fabric and pattern are adorable and well made. the fabric is not sheer at all and great quality;however, the shirt is very wide. i am a 34/26/36 and the small is way too big. the arm holes are perfect but the bottom is uncomfortably large and awkward in appearance."	0
I agree that this shirt is boxy and has no shape; it doesn't look at all like it does on the model. i returned it.	0
"This top is has an awkward neckline, doesn't lay like the photo (as mentioned by another reviewer.) see threw, and of poor quality. the fit is very baggy and unflattering. and material is very thin. it also runs very large!! the color is pretty, but that is it :("	0
"Hi, when i received this top i tried it on, looked in the mirror and packed it up for a return. the quality is excellent but it just too boxy. fits nothing like it appears on the model."	0
"I really wanted to love this but the cut was very wide, short, and crooked. after it was washed once, it was completely unwearable because it hung all wrong."	0
"I wanted to love this shirt, but was very disappointed. i had read other reviews and still ordered, but wish i would have listened. the shirt looks nothing like photos online and is extremely boxy and unflattering. had to send it back."	0
"When i saw this online i immediately put it on my ""must buy"" list. i hate paying the exorbitant shipping fees retailer charges so i was waiting until i could get to my local store, in the meantime it looks like it has sold out online but i am sure it will be back in stock soon. luckily, my b&m store had it and i am so glad i didn't waste my money or time ordering it online. this could have been great but once again antho missed the mark. what the product shot online doesn't show is that it has dol"	0
"I love baseball style tees and when i saw the homebase tee (in two colors no less), i was very thrilled especially since it was during the 20% mother's day promotion on all items. based on the model's photos, the top looks flattering with a swing type style. i usually wear a medium and bought a small size in this top. when the package was delivered, i excitedly opened it and found two tees looking like maternity tops which would be lovely if i was pregnant. the tops are so wide not like the webs"	0
"I love the design of this top, however, it's quality is lackluster. the shirt is pretty short and would be more flattering (at least on me) if it had a few more inches. also it's pretty sheer, so figuring out under garments is a dilemma. i will still wear it because i love it. looks great with a denim vest over it!"	0
"I bought this shirt after reading so many positive reviews. it looks much thinner and cheaper than the photo depicts.  like many reviewers have said, it does hit just above midriff but the fringe covers your belly.  it didn&#39;t hang right on me and i felt like i was wearing a rug."	0
"I love baseball tees and this looked like a more refined version, but it was huge and shapeless.  nice material and fabric but this one is going back."	0
So thin and see thru it's not even wearable in public. extremely cheap and ill fitting for any price let alone this price. i feel like they will rip the moment i wear them out. going back.	0
"Hi, i would have to agree with all of the reviewers.i unfortunately had to find out for myself. mistake. it's huge. i love the quality and design but even if you sized down two sizes it wouldn't help."	0
"I love the look of this sweater, but just bought and put on at home and noticed 2 pea sized holes in fabric, near arm holes, but not on seams. not sure if i bought this way and did not notice or if fabric is just incredibly delicate. will try to repair but scated this will not hold up... look it over carefully before you buy, they kind of look like moth holes..."	0
"I bought this in size xl. it is so much bigger than i expected. there are panels of material. it really is huge. not flattering at all. still, i kept it. the material is so soft & flowy. i've gotten good use wearing it around the house, doing chores, resting, etc. i wouldn't wear it out doing errands. but, around home, it's perfect for feeling cozy. such a strange cut. i don't know who would look good in it since it can look sloppy. i think many would enjoy wearing it at home."	0
"I wanted to like this coat so bad! i loved the bright red color and design, but when i received it, it seemed very cheap and just too large. i returned it."	0
"I have been looking for a fall/spring coat to wear when the weather is between 30 and 55 degrees. this ""coat"" looks great in the pictures, but so disappointing in reality. the best thing i can say is that the fabric is soft. it is unlined, so i'm not sure why you'd even wear it -- if the weather's warm enough to wear a thin, unlined jacket, why not just wear a sweater? the weight is not what i would expect at this price point. even worse, the design is terrible; my husband (who has a great eye)"	0
Visions of sartorial splendor danced in my head as i planned my instagram posts centered around this coat. and then it showed up on my door and my dreams were crushed. i'd already read the reviews and knew the coat was unlined and would be oversized. i did not expect it to be soooo sloppy. especially around the collar. there is nothing crisp about it. i've had boiled wool outer ware before that held its shape much better than this. if i wanted fleece i wouldn't have picked retailer as the s	0
I loved this shirt when i purchased it but it shrank badly and the front seam (on mine) was crooked. no longer have my receipt so not sure i can return it~ sigh. i do love the pilcro chinos i bought to go with it however!	0
"I had my eye on this one for awhile and decided to buy it when it popped back on my wishlist. i can see why someone returned it. the sweater top hits at the worst possible spot and made me look ridiculous, like a mushroom top. from the side i saw the potential, but not enough to save it. probably one of the worst things i have ever purchased from retailer."	0
"I ordered these in m (5'8"" 140 lbs.) and they are tts: they fit well and are neither tight nor loose. the issue that i have with them (and the reason that i sent them back) is that the material, although comfortable, is completely transparent; if i were to try to run out to get the mail in these, the whole neighborhood would essentially see me bottomless! furthermore, these are not white but off-white (and quite a yellowy off-white, at that), so these loungers don't look as cute with the feature"	0
"Super soft fabric, however very short in the stride. i ordered an xl, normally wear 12/14.  i had to return it."	0
"The photo misrepresents how large this sweater is. it is giant! petite ladies stay away from this sweater. i ordered an xs and usually can manage to fit in a regular xs, but this just floored me. the neckline wouldn't even stay up on my upper body, it was that loose. also the width of the sweater does not at all hug the body as shows on the model. it is like a tent. i'm so bummed. the color blue is nice and the sweater is really soft. it's too bad it doesn't fit smaller women."	0
"I saw this dress online and loved the colors and whimsical embroidery . i thought it would be the perfect dress to wear on the weekend with cute sandals. i was excited when the dress arrived in the mail as the colors were vibrant and the material was soft and cozy. unfortunately this dress is huge. it is a rectangle with pockets. i bought the xxsp, my usual size and this dress was so big my sister was able to fit in it with me.this dress was beyond alterations. too bad it was a great idea but no"	0
This top is a good concept but the structure of it is not for all body types. i am 5.6 and 135 and wear an xs to a s in retailer tops and i ordered this is a small and it was huge in the chest and tight at my hips...will be returning.	0
"So disappointed. bought these in a 29 and should've gone with a 28. they're super cute - i got the green. the fit is off. like the other reviews, they stretch out way too much. i would return these but have already washed them. they wash terribly, too. there are weird fading marks all over, even when washed in cold water like the tag states. so disappointed that i spent my gift card from christmas on these. i've been a loyal retailer customer for years and this is the first time i've been severely"	0
"The design of these ankles pants is very cool and the rise is perfect. however, the fabric, despite 2% spandex, has absolutely no give from the knee down. the extensive stitching probably contributes to the lack of stretch. while i was able to pull them on (size 27 for 110 lb/5.4'), i could not bend my legs at the knee comfortably. with longer wear, i think they would cut off the circulation.  please post if these stretch for you enough with wear and become softer."	0
"I was expecting elbow-to-full-length sleeves and like a previous review noted, they were short. very weird look for a wrap. returned."	0
"I was very disappointed when it arrived and had elbow length sleeves. from the photo, it looked like full length sleeves. it went back."	0
"Really disappointing quality. these jeans are of a very poor quality material and developed holes in the inseams after only a month! i love pilcros, and am totally shocked at the poor quality...retailer, i hope this is just a fluke. not worth the money!"	0
"This dress either runs large or just has too much fabric. ordered my usual size, but it is too long and too baggy to do a thing for me. embroidery pretty, but background is more of a muddy gray, then denim as shown. if the smaller size in petite was available, i'd have exchanged it, but it is going back."	0
I tried this on in the store and it was huge. i couldn't try on a smaller size because they only had a 2 and 4. i tried on my usual size 12. i don't think the embroidery is as pretty in person either. definitely not worth the price.	0
This is the oddest fitting pullover. there is too much fabric around the chest. it is fitted everywhere else but then balloons out in the front. i liked it at first but really started to dislike all the bunchiness (is that a word?). i gave it away..	0
"I liked the colors of this dress and the material was fine, but i could not tell from the pictures that the seams at the waist are atypical and frankly unflattering. they are scalloped at the hips, so it looks horrible if you have any hips at all."	0
I bought an xl and they looked like they would have been a small. can't review anything else because i couldn't even get them on.... ridiculous	0
"I am 5'4"" 120lbs, got xs. it was huge on me. had to return it. very trendy, great quality, unfortunate design. not worth the money."	0
"These are very flattering thick leggings that would keep you warm in the fall and winter, but when i pulled them up i got a big hole in the seam at the waistband at my first trip to the bathroom! obviously you might expect a rip if they were too tight, but these fit perfectly (even on the looser side) and ripped effortlessly. pretty embarrassing given the price! bringing these back!   for reference ( if you decide to try your luck), i am 5'7"", 128# and my normal size s was perfect."	0
This coat is beautiful in color and design. we could have been great friends but it was waaay too big so i had to return it. i bought the smallest size possible yet i could have been 9 months pregnant and still would have had room to spare. i also was disappointed that the sleeves were not lined like other coats in this price range.	0
"I ordered this in both an extra small and a small... i found that there was a very big difference in the two sizes- the extra small was true to size and had a great width, but was shorter in length than i would've liked (if it shrunk at all, it would've been unwearable). the small was quite a jump in size and was a little wider than i liked, but i decided to keep that one.   the top was very cute and comfortable when i wore it, however i just washed it once on delicate in cold water and when i"	0
"A beautiful shawl but not practical. i was impressed with how elegant/romantic it first felt/looked.  however, after 5 minutes of wear, it would not stay on my shoulders. the design is very awkward and despite several attempts with different tops/tanks underneath, i kept running into the same problem. lovely for the first 5 minutes of wear and then awkwardly/annoyingly wouldn't stay on my shoulders. the neckline is undefined and it just fell off. not a great design. disappointedly returned it."	0
"In a sea of dresses, this is the one that caught my eye in the whole store. i am a pear shape, and ended up trying both the medium and the large, taking the medium home. it was super flattering on, and was an appropriate length to pair with tights.  here's where the problem happened. i wanted to wear this dress for thanksgiving, i put it on, and as i tightened the drawstring to cinch in the waist - riiiiiiiiiip! the drawstring ripped through the fabric at the waistband. so disappointed."	0
"I was so excited to try this on in the store, because i've had my eye on it online. unfortunately, it is not like the picture. the material is very thin, almost translucent. i also could not figure out how it get it on! the cape has short sleeves, not long, as it appears in the picture, and the folds of fabric would not drape quite right in the front. love the look of black design on white. hopefully retailer can redo this in a thicker cape for the fall, but for now, i'll skip this one."	0
"I'm upset. i ordered the grey sweatshirt and while the description says the sweatshirt has a zipper, the picture of the grey does not have a zipper. i prefer no zipper, so when it arrived in the mail with a zipper, i was disappointed. it's going back. why have a model where an item that you're not offering???"	0
Just wanted to review so people know this hoodie has a zipper. it's very soft and comfy but i was looking for a pullover hoodie and am disappointed that once again retailer's picture doesn't match the actual product. it does fit true to size however.	0
I loved the style so i ordered on line. it runs small and the arm inserts are so low its awkward to wear. i wish the cut was better cause i love the look but not the fit. i am returning this item..	0
"I wanted to love this dress - and did from the picture online. when it arrived, the black already looked faded and old. also, the embroidery looks like a grandma, but not in a cute vintage way. the fabric is stiff, which causes a boxy, unflattering look. had to return it."	0
"I also expected this sweater to have more bulk to it per the images. it is very thin as others have said. the design is awkward with the sleeve placement and that makes it more flowy vs. structured. it is more similar to a cape or shawl design. if you;'re looking for a warm cozy blanket sweater design, this is not it. i will keep it though as a layering piece and because of the sale price and classic color design."	0
"The pattern and fabric are lovely, but the sleeves are short (unlike the photo) so it drapes very strangely. i personally could not figure out how to wear it so that it looked anything remotely like the photo. had to return this one."	0
To be clear i am not built like your models but the biggest problem was the way in which it tented out from the bustline down	0
"I ordered the blue version of this dress thinking the accent stripes were black. they were not ! they were wine colored. i liked the color, but not in combination with the other colors in the dress. black would have been a better look. i had to take it back. sad..."	0
"I ordered this after reading through the reviews. i realize the reviews were mixed, but thought i'd take a chance. unfortunately there were more things wrong than right with this dress. right: i loved the various colors (yes, it shows black but is actually brown). i also loved that it was lined and the lining was semi-attached to the dress, with the same hi-to-low hemline. wrong: as said by others, the sleeves were very tight! the dress is roomy and does swing but unlike the model, it isn't real"	0
"After readying the reviews of this dress, i thought for sure i was purchasing a winner. boy, was i wrong! first, this dress feels like a potato sack and looked like one on. i felt that it was very boxy and more of a o' one size fits all' sizing. it did not embrace my curves at all. the material was not as chic as i would have thought. overall, the entire dress was not flattering. honestly, i do not understand what the rave reviews were talking about it."	0
"Too much material everywhere. i am 122lbs 5'4"" and i ordered an xs as usual. i was overwhelmed in a blanket of knitted material of muted colors. nice green slip, though. i will return it asap. this is super-ugly."	0
"This dress hangs horribly. unlike the photo, the waist does not cinch. too bad. the colors are great and the quality of the material is nice. because i bought it on sale, i may try to tailor it to work, but unless you are willing to do that, its a no go. :-("	0
I am returning the dress. it has too much volume and is not flattering at all	0
"I saw online, great quality sweater dress- reviews about seemingly extra fabric- easy fix with a seamstress. i have very sensitive skin and wear long sleeves under sweaters. wool, angora, mohair! 5'1, xsp, tts (length/arms) but lots of extra fabric for width. just trying it on was too itchy for me."	0
This runs super big and it just wasn't flattering--way too much fabric. i wanted to love this dress.	0
This colors and fabric of this dress are beautiful and i really wanted to love it but from the chest to the hips there is too much fabric and it give you no shape at all. it had to go back.	0
"I bought this dress online and was hoping it would be a great comfortable staple.. it may be the most unflattering piece of clothing i have ever tried on ever! i let my sisters try it on too, to see if they wanted it or liked it better, but it was awful on them as well. i ordered the xs in blue. it was beyond enormous and was just plain and unflattering. i am 5'7' and 115. i love swing dresses,i just don't think is cut well."	0
"This looked fabulous on the model, of course, and i love sweater dresses. but even in an xs, i was drowning in fabric and looked ludicrous. concept is good but execution went terribly wrong somewhere. a definite return."	0
"... for the model to look like this? pros: nice quality. the colors of the blue version, at least, are rich and beautiful. note that the dark color pictured is really brown, not black. the colors are also much brighter than they appear in the picture. it is a medium to heavy weight sweater knit which is well suited for fall-winter. it is layered over a bright navy poly slip. cons: i am 5'8 135# . i looked like i was wearing a circus tent in med. the sleeves were more dolman than fitted. i imagin"	0
"I wish this dress was more fitted.. the dress looks more fitted and more vibrant in the picture. i bought this dress in an xs, but i am not sure that going smaller would take care of the amount of material in this dress. it was shapeless and did not fall as nicely as it appears. i think someone with a fuller figure would look very nice in this dress. sad to say that it is going back."	0
"Really wanted to love, the top was very flattering and loved the material: very swingy and forgiving. but way to much material, i was drowning in it. sized down to x small but no go."	0
"I'm 5'4, 115 and the xs swallowed me like a snuggie. i suppose the tons of fabric might drape nicely if you're 5'8 and above? it drooped and hung comically large from every angle under arm, body and skirt. a belt was no match for that much fabric. the colors are gorgeous and it appeared well made, but the design was awful."	0
I disagree with other reviewers on this. it looks a lot better in picture on the model. i found it to run large and not fit in the most flattering way. fabric feels great. i want to love it but it is going back.	0
"I love this tank, it is so comfortable but it does have its flaws. it rolls up every time i walk or do anything, it becomes very bothersome."	0
"Terrible fit for a longer torso.  runs small in hip and lining, huge in the waist.  not good for an hourglass figure!"	0
"This sweater is very long, could be worn as a dress at 5'3 !"	0
"Couldn't make it work, even belted. ivory color is darker irl--dingy light tan, like dirty vintage. ""drop"" waist is not dropped at all, just a maternity-ish cut that starts boxy-loose high up (below bust), then abruptly flares out at bellybutton level (not low hip) into the skirt. i usually find a-line cuts good at giving illusion of a willowy, curvy waist, but this does not--adds ten pounds. poly fabric heavy/hot; rayon lining awkward and doesn't flow/drape. (5'3'' 127lb 34a, tried xs)"	0
"I'm 5'3"" about 130lbs and ordered a size 6. the print on the fabric is as expected but the shape of the dress and fit were not good at all. i probably would wear a 4 instead of the 6, but could tell that even if i had the 4, the cut of it still wouldn't be flattering on me at all. it was baggy in odd places and had no shape. the outer fabric is very sheer and see through and the lining is nice, with a fitted slip design."	0
"1. i'm 5'6"" tall with a short waist and long legs, and this skirt came all the way down to my ankles. i would have kept it if it had stopped mid-calf like in the photo.  2. i'm 38-32-40 and the size 12 fit me perfectly in the waist hip area, so i would say it runs true to size.  3. the buttons lay nice and flat over the tummy, so that's a plus. at least you don't have to undo them to go to the bathroom."	0
Had to return. ordered an xs which usually fits perfect. 34b chest and it was falling off. shoulders and chest!! it was like a sleeping bag. huge fan of retailer but there is a design flaw in this sweater.	0
The model looks like she's 14 years old - this sweater of course would fit a younger teen. it definitely won't work for a grown woman. please make some longer sweaters.	0
This sweater did not flatter a sz 12 with 36d chest. it's very well made but not for the curvy girl. this is my very first review and felt compelled to share my thoughts since i heavily rely on others' reviews before i purchase.	0
These pants look nice and are comfortable but the quality of the fabric is terrible! i should not be surprised because i bought another pair of pants by this same label at antro earlier this year and they did not hold up at all either. but i thought i'd give it another shot. never again! i'm on my 5th wear and the crotch and inner thighs have worn away completely...i mean huge holes in the fabric where it's just disintegrated. even at extra % off the sale price it's not worth it. the full price	0
"Bummer, i loved the lacy bell arms and everything about the look of this sweater but it is huge in the abdomen. seriously looks maternity to me. the neck is also too wide. the quality of the material is very nice and the weight is nice and heavy but the cut just didn't work on me. i returned this one."	0
Good reason to read reviews. i concur with others in that it fins large and looks boxy. heavy fabric makes matters worse.	0
This is another item i've been stalking that i thought miraculously made it to sale with my size still available. i ordered online but when it arrived i have to be honest i didn't even try it on because i knew it would be going back. the beautiful print online looks really cheap irl on the flimsy fabric. the beaded detail on neck is basically a low grade sequin trim. so much potential just executed poorly.	0
"The sleeves on this top always caught my eye every single time i was in a store. they never had my size to try on, so when a free shipping offer came up, i ordered the ivory top in a size large. well, the sleeves are indeed stunning, but that is all that is attractive about this top! the rest was a plain, blank, white canvas. in fact, that's what it felt like to wear it -- like i was wearing a tent or an artist's canvas on my chest. yuck! how can this designer put so much thought and care into t"	0
"I went with my usual size, but it is too tight, it fits, but i would feel uncomfortable in it. i ordered the pink one, which looks nice in the picture, but in person, it looks cheap. the beading at the neckline immediately looked to me like cocktail dresses my grandma used to wear in the 1970s. that beaded neckline added to the cheap look. this one is not for me."	0
"I just bought this and i really disagree with previous review that it runs big - i wear an 8 in skirts and bought another retailer skirt last week that fits just fine - this one does not even zip up. i might exchange for bigger size, as label is just a number to me and sizes are really inconsistent - or it may just go back."	0
I can not imagine the cut in the waist being flattering on anyone. i ordered an xs and an xxs still would have flared too much in the waste. i ignored the previous review and that was a huge mistake!	0
"I bought the red motiff in my usual size of xxs petite and it was huge. at first i thought they had mistakenly sent the wrong size but this was sadly not the case. the fit is definitely ""sack-like"" as other reviewers mentioned. i had to return."	0
"Dress appears to be slim fit, but that's far from the case. usually wear an xs regular because i have a long torso for my 5'3"", but it just hung on me like a heavy sack. i have a hard time finding dresses now that i'm not working and like to have a couple on hand for all purpose occasions--weddings, memorials, special occasions. i hoped this one would meet my needs. disappointed."	0
"I ordered an xxs petite and this hangs like a bag on me. i'm usually fine with the petite sizing, but this didn't work and i'm so bummed. the dress is soft, the blue color is gorgeous, but it fits like a bag. i wanted to love this, but sadly will have to return. i think someone with curves will love this dress. it is really beautiful quality, just does not fit a petite frame."	0
"I loved these pants and purchased them in three colors. like another reviewer, within a few weeks, having worn them no more than a couple of times, the fabric in the crotch area started to wear thin and two pairs developed holes. i was not hard on the pants - just wore them to the office - and line dried them. so disappointing, as i really did love the pants. total waste of money."	0
"I had high hopes ordering this top...unfortunately the top has a metallic fiber to the material and that detail was not noted in the product description! it also felt rather cheap & scratchy, poor quality for the price."	0
"Let me start off by saying that i really, really wanted this jumpsuit to work as it looked good on me and was tts (got a 6p). unfortunately, it didn't work out due to the two buttons at the top which break way too easily. i had to return it and exchange for another jumpsuit but it did me no good as the second one did the very same thing so i didn't even bother trying it on. the buttons broke through before i even got the chance as the material is far too thin and the back of the buttons just pop"	0
"After reading the other reviews i still took a chance on ordering this dress becasue it looks so cute on the model. the dress they sent me is not this dress. it is the same material although the one i received had only one stripe down the canter, like a cross. there was no v back as stated by the other reviewer. it was scoop and if you pulled it down, the neck went up. the dress i received is branded as holding horses while the brand listed on here, is rava. the length measured at 39"" not the st"	0
"I really wanted to like this jump suit.  i rarely have problem with retailer clothing.  i'm 5.6, hourglass shape, usually wear size 2.  this jumpsuit runs small, but that's not the only problem.  top part (shirt piece of the jumpsuit) is too short, so it's digging into my lady part.  the color does not look anything like the picture, so overall this piece is failure.  i hope that i find something similar but fits better."	0
"The reason for the title above is this skirt doesn't wow me. i felt like i could find this anywhere, and i don't go to retailer for such things. they have definitely mainstreamed more and more over the years.... __________ pros: - tts. i tried on a large (and i'm normally either a 10 or 12) and it fit well and hung well on my hourglass and wider hips without billowing out. - flows nicely! it does have a great movement to it. - a good everyday skirt. - not sheer at all. it is lined. - when y"	0
"I've been buying from retailer for the last 15 years and this is the first time i've ever posted a bad review. first of all the fabric is scratchy, thin, and looks very cheap. second of all there is no v back, it's more of a slight scoop. and lastly i'm 5'3"" so i ordered the petite small and it's still comes 4 inches below my knee. i am very disappointed in the quality and am definitely sending back. the only thing i think this could possible good for is a swim coverup."	0
"Oh what a disappointment! i was looking forward to wearing this as a layering piece with the shawl cardigan. the material lacks serious quality and it was ripped on the seam. so, back it goes. and, i am flabbergasted at the price retailer is charging almost $60 for this top!"	0
I was really excited to get this dress and to my dismay when i pulled it out of the package i could tell i would be disappointed. i tried it on and i was correct....it looked like i was wearing a huge tent. i returned it.	0
"This skirt is definitely not what i was expecting. the material is stiff and rough. the skirt is also loud. you can hear it swishing when you move, and not in a classy way. it feels like you're wearing a very long tutu. also, the pattern isn't quite as pretty in person. they must have used magic in order to make this skirt look flowy in the photos - it does not flow."	0
"I wanted to love this jumpsuit. it looks adorable in the product photo. i am 5'5"" about 120lbs and thus was overwhelming on me. i tried everything--- pulling up the tie at the waist to create a higher line, wearing a variety of heel heights----i couldn't seem to make it work. there was just so much fabric on me! it felt like i was wearing pajamas (and not in a cute 'wear your pajamas out' way). i love the idea and the photo appears to have an adorable line and cut. on me, this jumpsuit was just"	0
I was expecting a nice golden yellow color but what i received was very dull in color with greenish undertones. very disappointed. will be returning.	0
"This dress has a beautiful fabric, i really hated to send it back. it was just so unflattering, absolutely no shape to it. i bought a 0p, i'm 5'5"" and 117lbs and it looked like a maternity dress on me."	0
"I had such high hopes for this shirt! i got it in both the black and moss (which is a beautiful color). however, the ruffle was just too big. i put it on and immediately felt like a circus clown. it would probably be beautiful on a woman with a more straight figure with fewer curves, but on me, it was not flattering at all."	0
"This style is right up my alley and i was excited to receive it. however, it is seriously overpriced. i ordered the white and the material is thin and see-through. the small was even a bit roomy (5'7"", 140lbs, 32dd). going back unfortunately."	0
"This top looked so cute in the picture, but unfortunately doesn't live up to it! the one i received, actually has the print shown in the photo on the inside of the shirt. it makes it much darker, and boring. the shirt itself is on the short side, and would've looked better if it hit lower on the hips, there's just too much fabric for it to land higher than that."	0
Cup size is really small for a medium. no way to adjust the back strap. ended up giving it to my daughter. cute but so poorly executed.	0
The top of this suit was not proportioned well. i am normally a 34c so with swimsuits i vary between a small or a medium. the cup size on this was very small for a medium. the band to hook in the back was almost too big. there was no way to adjust the band in the back and the cups were clearly too small for a c cup. the print was darling but unfortunately this will have to go back.	0
This sweater i bought to go with a navy dress. it is not ivory. it is sortof a blush color???? not at all what i had in mind. the sweater itself is pretty. the back is shorter as someone else described which looks slightly awkward when wearing it. definite return. :(	0
"This didn't work for me. it looks better unzipped. the piece made me look extremely top heavy, and i am by no means overweight, but i do have a larger chest on a small frame (36c, 5 feet, 115). honestly, it just made me look fat. the design is cute, but this is going back.."	0
"I love the colors. however, $200 is a lot to pay for a small piece of fabric , no lining what so ever. the fabric is very thin. you will need a slip. looks just like a cover-up. going back."	0
"I was very shocked to receive this dress with a rusty zipper, looks like crusty white rust . see attached pictures. the dress fabric is very nice and i did try it on and it is a very nice fit, lined with a little stretch but my gosh what a cheap poor quality zipper that looks like it was old and exposed to moisture because the metal parts have a white crusty substance! retailer you really need to check your merchandise before sending to your loyal customers. lately the quality has been declining a"	0
"There isn't a whole lot that i did like about this dress. the shoulders have large poufs, the fabric isn't very soft, and it's not flattering. maybe with a belt i could be tempted, but i wasn't too fond of the dress."	0
"I'm so disappointed this dress didn't work out! i ordered the size medium, post baby i'm a solid dress size 6 or 8 depending on the designer. the cashier was laughing with me how ridiculously huge this garment was when i held it up.   also the length was super long, description says 35"" which would be mid thigh for me, but this thing hit me mid knee. also, like the previous review the shoulders are tented and poofy. so bizarre and the cut reminds me of a maternity dress, but the shoulders def"	0
"I was so so excited to get this sweater in the mail. unfortunately, the sweater is lined with the same material (very soft and warm btw) as the polka dots, which sheds like crazy. i wore a white tshirt under this for the first time, and my shirt was covered in black fuzz by the end of the day. so much so that i was gathering balls of it to be thrown away. very disappointed. a lint roller can't even clean up the tshirt.  in terms of sizing, this fits tts, i normally wear a l or xl, got this in an"	0
"Well made dress, but too much fabric for my taste. it lays a little heavy on the body & does not give a slimming affect. the colors are vibrant & pretty, but the dress is too long, as well. as other reviewers have said, the front is too low cut, but turn it around and it looks & feels better. didn't work for me, sadly, i'll be returning it."	0
"I was attracted to the feminine design of the dress, the silhouette, the flouncy skirt; however, i ordered the red motif pattern and hated the splotchy, dark colors."	0
"I loved how this looked on the model, however, once i tried on in store, i was greatly disappointed. i usually wear a meduim and the small and extra-small were huge on me. there was so much extra material that i was swimming in this. i had such high hopes for this. there were no petite sizes to try on in the store but i am not sure it would have helped."	0
"I was so excited for this kimono. i thought the colors would be lovely. i was looking for a unique wrap/vest/kimono. i ordered this online expecting to be dazzled. sadly, i was not. this arrived and fell short on all measures. the colors were flat, the fabric felt cheap and the construction did not scream $108. it felt like something i would find in a college import/head shop. back it went. i ended up buying the silves wrap, which i love."	0
"I wanted to love this dress, however it has no shape to it. it is also somewhat see through, so something needs to be worn under it. i feel like i received a dress that has been stretched out and returned. i'm extremely disappointed. i do not recommend."	0
"This dress had so much potential but the horizontal knit ruined it. i tried on size xxs in grey since my usual petite xxs size was not available. the fabric was a good weight and dress was well constructed. however, the wide horizontal knit made the dress bulge out at places especially in the lower body thus made me look wide and bulky. i wish they had used a cable knit pattern which will make the dress drape much more nicely and more flattering."	0
"I thought this dress looked gorgeous on the model. so floaty and light. when it came, i found it to be the exact opposite. the hem is so heavy and laid on me like a potato sack. it had way too much material at the bottom and weighed me down unfortunately."	0
"Pants are overpriced and very uncomfortable. to my utter dismay i wore them during a business trip for the first time and ended up with bruises caused by the side zipper. i have been a long time retailer shopper and usually my go to store, however,ending up with a pair of pants that caused me pain was a very big disappointment,"	0
"I'm 5'7"" 155lbs and ordered a large. it fit, but the arms were awkwardly short. the finish details on the end of each sleeve almost would have to be pushed back to the elbow for it to look right, which would be okay. however, the interior seam of the neckline is cut jaggedly and isn't even finished with any stitching. it's just tucked haphazardly inside the neckline and isn't sewn--it would unravel with washing.   it's soft and snuggly and cute if you get it on super-sale and don't mind it com"	0
"So after reading the 2 reviews, decided to just order my usual size (26), thinking they might be a tad snug. wrong! they were huge! i looked at the size to see if they sent me a size 30 by mistake! unfortunately small sizes sold out. quality is excellent as well as style, so bummed!"	0
"This is a gorgeous print, but i found it too fussy for my taste.  it is quite shapeless so i tried doing a half tuck. it looked cute for about 2 seconds, but then i had to worry about keeping the shoulders down."	0
"I love the look of this dress but it runs very large. i am 5'2 110lbs. i ordered the extra small on sale & got a killer deal on it. i intended to use it as a beach cover up since it's sheer, but when i tried it on i felt like i was wearing a mumu. even for the price & for the beach i am going to return it. i'm sad because it is a beautiful cover-up and for what it is i think the quality is good."	0
"I've been looking for a nice summer maxi dress and after reading some positive reviews, i decided to get the dress. the fabric is soft and has a nice flow to it. however, i had to return the dress because the cuff of the sleeve was too tight on my forearm, which make it impossible for me to raise my arms.  i ordered size petite xxs"	0
"I loved the print and fabric of this dress when i first saw it, but trying it on was a very different story! the photo seems to show a wider, more well-defined waist, with just a small amount of ""blousing"" on top, but this was not the case. yes, the waist fit, but it is a narrow band that was covered completely by the hanging over of the ill-fitting top, turning the entire look into a shapeless and very unattractive fit. sadly, this is going right back!"	0
"I love this dress but i will return it because the sleeves are too tight. i have never had this problem before. i ordered a petite 0 and petite 2. for reference i am 5' 4"" tall and 117 lbs. the length is perfect and i really like the style. if the sleeves had not been so tight i would have kept the petite 0. the petite 2 sleeves were no looser. sorry that this did not work for me."	0
"I so wanted to love this top. i ordered the ""blue"", which is blue and orange. i thought the orange would be brighter, it is not. it is a dull color. also, i'm usually a medium, this top fits fine on my shoulders/bust 34c, but it was huge around the waist, making me look a lot larger. if this top were a bit smaller around the waist, i would keep it, but it is going back."	0
"Unfortunately, this dress did not work for me like the other reviews. i am 5'8, 130lbs, and the dress looked like a tent on me (size s). there was just way too much material at the bottom. also, while the dress is lined, both layers are quite thin- not see through, but i would not call them substantial either. for the cost of the dress and the material, it wasn't worth paying more to have it tailored to fit better."	0
"The model looks awesome in this cute top, but on me it looked boxy but was too tight around the chest and was too short (for reference, i'm 5'7,"" 140 lbs., and 34c). the front is non-stretchy eyelet lace cotton fabric, yet the back is stretchy. in theory, it's pretty, but in reality it doesn't work - at least for me. i think it might work for someone petite with a smaller chest."	0
"I'm petite, and i knew buying this that it would be a big sweater - that is the look that is portrayed on the model. the sweater is scratchy, the neck was so big and bulky i had trouble making it lay right. it looks great on the model here, but not on me. going back. so bummed. the color gray is true to what is shown and it has little ""holes"" or openings across the shoulders. so there is a tiny bit of detail. overall, not a great sweater."	0
"I was very excited to find a fun and lightweight white dress for spring/summer. for the past two years i have found two of my favorite white dresses. the material that this dress is made out of did not look high quality at all. the fit looked more like that of an old nightgown. this dress has no shape to it, although probably comfortable, not flattering. i had high hopes for this dress and wish that it looked like it does in the picture, in person."	0
Before i ordered this i noted the other reviews that said it was sheer but thought i would just wear a layer underneath. unfortunately it was one of the sheerest fabrics i've ever seen. would love it if it could have been a more substantial fabric. to me it wasn't worth the money even on sale.	0
"What drew me to this shirt was the beautiful silver and gold embroidery on the front. the shirt was folded at the store, which makes sense because if it were hung it up, fewer people would try it on. this shirt is sheer from the front and more sheer in the back. this is what bugs me about so many ""clothes"" that are made these days: they are so cheaply made, so thin with cloth, that you are forced to layer with a camisole or something else in order to wear it in public. i can't wear sheer clothes"	0
"This dress is so cute in the photo and fit true to size, but the material is slinky and felt cheap. the stitching was also poor quality. i am so thankful that retailer will let us order a batch, try on and return in store...this went back."	0
I was surprised at the positive reviews for this product. its terrible! it cuts you in a weird place to make you look wide. the skirt is also not like the picture. its darker and heavier. the material isnt great. i had to return.	0
