"a good critic should be able to view the film from the "" average joe ( or jane ) "" viewpoint , while still taking into account the artistic integrity behind the film ."	1
"it's director , barry sonnenfield , is known for "" black humor "" , directing both addams family movies ."	1
""" john denver died in a plane crash , "" alex grudgingly mutters to himself ."	1
"in this regard it is symptomatic that shears , who doubts the military logic , is a somehow unpleasant person in the film ."	1
"that's because , in a nutshell , "" the wedding singer "" is one of the sweetest movies you're ever likely to come across ."	1
"drawn on the white diamond of the kite is a face that looks at once pained , and at another glance mischievous ."	1
upon my first viewing i left bawling .	1
"playing the young francie brady is newcomer eamonn owens and he is , without a doubt , a revelation ."	1
"however , in a film this exciting and well-produced , a few minor flaws are easily overlooked ."	1
"the fact that each character is so different from the others yet so similar shows that there are universal pains that all classes , races , and genders suffer ."	1
"salieri feels envy , and jealousy , but at the same time is fascinated with mozart's brilliance and ingenious ."	1
"he is not a lovable character , but a character who stands out in your mind whenever you think of the film ."	1
"starring sammo hung , sylvia chang ; directed by mabel cheung ; written by cheung and alex law ; cinematography by bill wong"	1
"yes , he is initially annoying , but i can admit to laughing over some of his harmless , goofy antics ."	1
"this film , on the other hand , constantly reminds me that it's only a movie by including situations and phrases that are so uniquely modern american that they seem incredibly out of place and serve to jerk the viewer from the experience ."	1
"he is a bitter , closed-off man whose only passion is his beekeeping , his granddaughters , and his dead wife ."	1
"the way people are killed by the ray guns is great , they is a hillarous ( and mildly disturbing scene ) involving a martian lady , a mad general who just wants to nuke the aliens away , ( and ends up getting squashed by an aliens foot ) and a gory finale involving lots of alien heads exploding ."	1
"luckily , we have ben ramsey's screenplay , a bitingly funny piece of work ."	1
francis ford coppola .	1
this three hour movie opens up with a view of singer/guitar player/musician/composer frank zappa rehearsing with his fellow band members .	1
"r2-d2 and c-3p0 are both what we call "" driods "" , or robots that are of assistance to humans ."	1
"in these surroundings we find the to-be-weds jan and bess , played by stellan skarsgaard and the remarkable new movie actress emily watson ."	1
"firstly , wahlberg , although excellent , cannot do highly scenes which require him to be angry ."	1
romy and michele use their high school yearbook to discuss the caste system at their high school .	1
day-lewis portrays more mental anguish in his face than one man should be forced to take .	1
"the film is told from the point of view of henry burton ( adrian lester ) , grandson of a civil rights leader , who is swept away by stanton's ideals and helps to organize the campaign ."	1
we see the ecstatic cookie stare hopefully at a picture of her husband .	1
"it broadens its horizons , and when it really moves from the ant colony , it really shows us a whole new world we've never seen before , and it's take on the evolution of bugs is a lot better than the one in "" antz . """	1
chasing amy and dogma .	1
"in this case , it is landing the big kahuna ."	1
"to get mike out of his funk , his friends persistently convince him to get outside , whether it be to a quickie night trip to a seedy vegas casino or a cutthroat hollywood party with the beautiful people or a 50s swing lounge ."	1
he is hit hard with questions about his voting record .	1
"although the characters are somewhat typical , the actors maintain control over the material at all time ."	1
"it implies tougher ones , though : what can be done to combat terrorism without sacrificing justice and freedom ?"	1
"after we're treated to the famous prologue in the sky , with john williams' thundering score , we meet qui-gon jonn ( liam neeson ) and young obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) , a jedi master and his trainee `padawan' ."	1
"as it turns out , he not only doesn't take the fall , but he ends up actually killing his opponent ."	1
charles van doren and herbie stemple were the overnight mega celebrities of their day .	1
"but it's his wall-to-wall narration as the butcher boy of the title , da brady's son , francis , that makes rea's "" performance "" worth watching , worth listening to ."	1
"instead of being the scheming , villainous mad scientist we might expect from a character like this he is a bumbling , often sweet mad scientist wannabe ."	1
"the thing is , beatrice is not overt with her criticisms , but instead gives them in that mothering way which is tantamount to nit-picking and guilt loading ."	1
"like allen , russell's interests are in the volatile sexual politics of couples and the neurotic obsessions in both pare nts and children ( and everybody , really ) ."	1
"driving miss daisy is a movie about human nature , aging , prejudice , and a great many other things , but more than anything it's about a relationship : one that spans 25 years , 4 cars , the advent of civil rights , and one gravely important 33 cent can of salmon ."	1
"my only complaint is that it feels a bit too easy , and perhaps too staged ."	1
to obi-wan kenobi pleading for help .	1
"travolta , in fact , is still trying to get out of the vincent vega role ."	1
"i'll just say that the film takes place in blue bay , a rich little town in florida ."	1
after more discussion they agree to dispose of the body and cover it up .	1
"i'll admit , when i trotted off to see this film , the only john woo movie i had seen before was the fairly enjoyable but highly forgetable broken arrow ."	1
"making the best of her situation , josie stays there and begins making the rounds at the local bars ."	1
"on my four star scale , i give muriel's wedding three stars ."	1
"i guess i was hoping for a bit more regarding the whole impervious to pain aspect of his character , but the writers decided to play up the emotional side of his character ."	1
"i guess it's a credit to jackie chan and the general likeability of the franchise that rush hour 2 could not be ruined even by the nauseating "" comedy "" of chris tucker ."	1
nah .	1
"in a very different way , but also using a long single shot , the scene of hortense and cynthia's first meeting in a lonely caf=8a achieves a touching intensity , all the more for their reticence and unspoken feelings ."	1
"and just as james benefited from the dark sensibilities of henry selick and tim burton , matilda soars on the cock-eyed direction of danny devito ."	1
"bill pullman plays a man also investigating what happened , along with the sherriff and a rich croc obsessed man , they go out and find what is going on ."	1
"bridget fonda is around for three discernible reasons : to look sexy in a bikini , to provide a little twisted comedy , and to satisfy tarantino's foot fetish ."	1
"then again , how can you go wrong with an "" alien "" that likes the ferraris , guns , heavy metal music and sexy girls ? !"	1
"it's a good story well-told with interesting characters , but it's easy to shrug off once you've left the theater ."	1
"after that , his career was all downhill ."	1
those who had problems with his physical appearance will be able to join the rest of us in laughing at allen's intelligent observations of life .	1
"during the course of the movie , we see both characters evolve as they struggle to meet the challenge of their new emotions ."	1
"the government people have small parts , as usual , with q ( desmond llewelyn , looking near death , sadly ) getting only one scene ( in a more grouchy mood than usual ) , and m ( judi dench ) , getting more than m usually gets ( i mean , it is judi dench ) ."	1
"he's by far the most underrated actor due to a lack of popularity , but i'm hoping that will change ."	1
he got the feeling and he couldn't contain himself .	1
"thirteen years later , ted still can't get mary out of his mind , and hires a private detective ( dillon ) to find her ."	1
"the plot is typical horror stuff : sidney prescott ( an impressive neve campbell ) , an attractive young high school student who's mother was killed a year ago tommorrow , is being stalked by a killer who's previously murdered one of her classmates ( casey , naturally ) , and everybody in this small , california town is a suspect , including sidney's boyfriend , billy loomis ."	1
"aliens is rightfully rated r for violence , gore , language , and terror ."	1
"it's a fluffy comedy , thoroughly glazed with a sense of innocuous innocence and good cheer , regarding two moral topics -- love and religion -- and how a romantic triangle causes the two to collide head-on ."	1
"his whole attitude can be summed up with , "" destroy them ! ! ! """	1
"1984 . wonder-bred high school honours student todd bowden ( renfro ) conducts his own extracurricular investigation of kurt dussander , a nazi war criminal who fearfully fled berlin in the 1960s and was never heard from again ."	1
"in 1944 , hungary had the last big population of jews within germany's reach , and they became the last target of hitler's "" final solution . """	1
"there are more than enough characters to love and to hate , and all of the casting is dead-on ."	1
"in regard to the star wars special edition , and to the other two films of the trilogy which have yet to be released , i'll make this final recommendation : go and see it ."	1
"i must admit that i was a tad skeptical of "" good will hunting "" , based both on the previews and the first fifteen minutes of the film , in which the main character will hunting ( matt damon ) , an mit janitor in his early twenties , is discovered to be an einstein-level closet genius when he solves two extraordinarily difficult math problems overnight ."	1
"agent kay selects a particular suspicious worker and takes him away from the other local authorities to discover that he is not an illegal human alien , but a real extra-terrestrial alien ."	1
i find zero effect to be an immensely funny and witty film .	1
this can be attributed as much to the amazing special effects as to many of the actor's extensive pre-production training in martial arts .	1
"think heavenly creatures played largely for laughs , and you'll sort of understand ."	1
"a beautiful woman ( gretchen mol ) who suddenly appears on the scene may hold the key to the mystery , which might unravel the horrifying truth about his own existence ."	1
i guess it was just the immense feeling of dread which the film had cast upon us .	1
but you=92ll ignore these problems as each minute of the movie builds on the previous one .	1
james garner is the playboy just like in many other movies .	1
usually it's the evil aliens versus the heroic humans .	1
"there's a blond co-ed named cece ( sarah michelle gellar , who has now appeared in two of williamson's movies -- this one and i know what you did last summer ) ; sidney's requisite boyfriend , derek ( jerry o'connell ) ; a local newswoman ( laurie metcalf ) ; gale's new cameraman ( duane martin ) ; a british drama teacher ( david warner ) ; and several sorority sisters and would-be sorority sisters ( portia de rossi , rebecca gayheart , elise neal , marisol nichols ) ."	1
"and judging from many of the women's reactions in the theater to that shot , they have grown a deeper appreciation for bacon ( yeah , right ) ."	1
the action is pretty intense ( favorite scene : the sandstorm ) and there are a few shocking scenes just to jolt you horror-loving folks as well .	1
"because of this episode , we know exactly what it is whale wants when he asks clayton to pose for him for a painting , later making the excuse that his bright , white shirt is disracting only so he will take it off ."	1
it is some of the best stop motion i have ever seen .	1
""" existenz "" has the opportunities and potential , but the enormous possibilities are never quite explored ."	1
"he is given an incredible apartment ( which is bigger than my entire house now ) , and a hefty paycheck ."	1
"how about "" diamonds are a girl's best friend "" spiced with portions of "" material girl ? """	1
"this "" simple plan "" suddenly goes screwy , of course , and the boys become involved with a stripper named ferris ( jennifer tilly ) who wants her stepmother killed , a paranoid latin drug lord who's convinced a mysterious rival is out to get him , and a rat with its tail on fire ."	1
"after the marriage , the group , including axel ( chuck aspegren ) , spend one last day on a hunting trip , one of their favorite past-times ."	1
""" carlito's way "" is one of those films which you heard about briefly , but when you finally watch it , you're absolutely blown away ."	1
"the mask of zorro has the hallmarks of a blockbuster : big action , funny comedy , and the pacing of a rollercoaster ."	1
""" toy story 2 "" is strong in characterization , and is able to expand on what we saw in the first movie ."	1
blue sky is based on the story of the stagner family .	1
"many will compare this tale of martians who invade earth to independence day , but even though the stories are similar , they really are two distinctly different films ."	1
"one that comes to mind is "" the matrix "" when neo , morpheus , trinity , and the rest of the gang first come into the virtual world ."	1
"tarzan chad'z = good ) 1999 , g , 90 minutes [1 hour , 30 minutes] [animated - adventure/drama] starring the voices of : tony goldwyn ( tarzan ) , minnie driver ( jane porter ) , lance henriksen ( kerchak ) , brian blessed ( clayton ) ; written by tab murphy , bob tzudiker , noni white ; produced by bonnie arnold ; directed by chris buck , kevin lima ; based on the story `tarzan of the apes' and characters created by edgar rice burroughs ."	1
the character of david drumlin is another problem with this film .	1
"steven spielberg has always been a skilfull filmmaker -- his assured hand churned out both jurassic parks , jaws , the indiana jones films , and e . t ."	1
"the writer/producer , david field , seems to literally take all the "" yeah , but in real life , this would have happen "" thoughts you get in your head , sticks them in the movie and uses them to bend the plot around to his original heading , in a stronger way then before !"	1
"mighty joe young tracks a 2 , 000 pound gorilla in the wilds of africa that is taken to a reserve in . . ."	1
and that's something i wish i got out of more movies .	1
"in the process , he not only creates a truly likable and memorable character in giles , but says a few things about the transforming power of love , even if it is unrequited ."	1
"only two things are different in the movie : the absence of forrester's sidekick , tv's frank , and the slower pace of the jokes ."	1
"three kings ranks among the best films of the year , well , for me at least ."	1
"but then dixon's crack team of homeless commandos bust him out of the lockup - and suddenly magruder finds himself , mallory and his own children in danger ."	1
is it possible the wedding singer could be one of the sweetest romantic comedies of 1998 ?	1
so does a marriage based upon his truth .	1
"one of these toys is wheezy , a penguin with a broken squeaker ."	1
"the better picture between the two depends on the viewer , but the key to the success of the matrix is that the noise did not get in the way of the fun ."	1
"remake reservoir dogs as a french art film and you're halfway to killing zoe , writer/director roger avary's slow-moving story of a failed bastille day bank robbery ."	1
"besides eternal damnation , of course ."	1
we soon find out why in a painful scene where lucas is humiliated by the jocks during a pep rally .	1
"it's a few years later , and they both still think of each other , so maurice hires a private detective ( ian hart ) to see what sarah is up too ."	1
"trouble is , murnau's monster is pale-faced , bald , pointy-eared , and non-goateed , and there isn't a single sexy , writhing woman to be found in his movie ."	1
i liked howard morris the best as howard the accountant who has to diet to support his wife .	1
i can say however i liked this movie .	1
the film is set in burma in 1943 .	1
"more than likely , they would probably have nightmares and never have sex for the rest of their lives ."	1
"one familiar face with a twist was "" coach "" star , craig t . nelson , who gives a very good performance ."	1
it also sports a new alien with 4 legs !	1
and the soundtrack's mix of electronic atmospheres and gothic rock by frequent argento collaborators goblin is the perfect accompaniment .	1
"the coens might have done well to title the film "" fear and loathing in texas . """	1
"that , to me , is what makes a dog of flanders all the more delightful ."	1
"and rescue he does , enduring batterings , beatings , falls , repeated immersion in 34-degree water , explosions , mud , rats , and constant setbacks , before going on to save the day , sly-style ."	1
"freed from her needs to direct by director zemecki , foster is able to let it all hang out in the characterization and the lead she provides to her supporting cast ."	1
5 . they all have to be slightly to highly neurotic .	1
""" you make me want to be a better man , "" he tells her ."	1
"no major surprise , when j . s . mill in his victorian classic on liberty could not make up his mind over liberal democracy either ."	1
"as evidence , belone concocts provocative photographs of pignon locked in a leather-clad embrace with another man and mails them anonymously to pignon's boss ."	1
it turns out that this planet is the fountain of youth and the federation and their alien buddies feel that is should be used for the good of everyone and not just a few hundred colonists .	1
"written by hershman , greenfingers contains plenty of laughs ."	1
larry and phil can't fathom how bob didn't make a sales pitch .	1
some of the movie's flashes of humor are surreal as well as typically burton : an organ-grinder ape with a midget or an elderly ape taking off a wig and removing false teeth as he prepares for bed .	1
"the sheer anarchy of the proceedings was nothing short of wonderful , as ashley judd kicks the crap out of every authority figure in the book ."	1
is her political nemesis and turns in a good alexander haig performance .	1
titanic runs far too long .	1
"damon effortlessly blends the carelesness of a gregarious , confused thug with the absorbing ingeniousness of someone like einstein ."	1
"like emmerich's id4 , this is obvious propaganda where the americans are the hapless underdogs motivated by freedom for all ."	1
"the soldiers suffer innumerable hardships , but somehow they never lose their morale ."	1
the hard thing about writing reviews for comedies is that i'm supposed to give examples of things and be specific .	1
"the disney studios has its formula for annual , full-length animated features down so pat that it's hard to remember which one you're watching at any given moment ."	1
really .	1
"-------------------------------------------------------------- directed by john lasseter , colin brady , ash brannon , and lee unkrich written by lasseter , brannon , peter docter , andrew stanton , rita hsaio , doug chamberlain , and chris webb cinematography by sharon calahan starring ( voices ) tom hanks , tim allen , and joan cusack usa , 1999"	1
"the biggest problem with the phantom menace is not the plot or the characters , but the interaction between them ."	1
"can george lucas succeed yet again with transporting us back a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away . . . . ?"	1
"the third arc , about zack and adam , again overlaps with ronna's story telling much of the same story but from a completely different angle ."	1
"this writer richard curtis , whose exceptional first work ? four weddings and funeral' shows us that he is a master in the domain of the romantic comedy , with splashes of drama thrown in between ."	1
"i presume it was an attempt to gain a larger following to keep support behind the series ( rumours of its impending demise circulated for some time before the plug was eventually pulled a few months ago ) , but the format gains nothing from its transition to the big screen -- there are no special effects to dazzle you , no action sequences to keep you on the edge of your seat , and no use of digital surround sound ."	1
"along the way , he meets john the baptist , the = rest of the prophets , and tries to teach the world his message ."	1
"such scenes might be appropriate in an out-and-out satire , making zero an ace ventura-ish character ."	1
"and the procedures , are not always "" fresh "" food , but a new packaging and a new date , to try and convince the customers that quality is on the shelves ."	1
girl likes boy .	1
"the cast ( all very good comedic talents ) play well off one another , while the late madeline kahn ( as the dark and sultry mrs . white ) sometimes steals the film away from the rest ."	1
a lady in front of us took her two young sons to see it and spent about 25 - 30 minutes covering the youngest's eyes with her hand .	1
"to celebrate the release of an updated version of fantasia , disney and imax teamed up to present the animated film in a fashion no one had seen before : six stories high ."	1
there is a great sense of comradeship between gerard and his two closest deputies cosmo renfo ( pantoliano ) and biggs ( roebuck ) .	1
"undaunted , allie managed to gather a loyal group of `believers' and eventually found funding from a large private corporation ."	1
"in the end however , zorro provides action and comedy in spades ."	1
"the second half is a straight up parody of king kong , awestruck onlookers and all ."	1
witness the wasted seventeen minutes that could have been spent elsewhere .	1
"midnight in the garden of good and evil is an eastwood-directed film clint isn't even in , and it's damn good ."	1
the film is riddled with telling symbols ( e . g .	1
"drawn in the style of caricaturist al hirschfeld and inspired by george gershwin's rhapsody in blue , the music and images are blended perfectly resulting in a product greater than the sum of its two parts ."	1
"some might think this film is vulgar , and in many ways it is ."	1
"sean penn is always good , and he gives yet another credible performance as douglas' brother ."	1
absolutely beautiful stuff .	1
there is an overarching galactic united nations-type organization called the senate presided by a weak chancellor .	1
"their last bout pitted them against each other and was a draw , leaving bobby's record at 5-5-1 ."	1
this is his first time for him on the road .	1
the animation is clean and would give walt a warm feeling all over .	1
"of course , jackie also happens to be a talented martial artist , and these skills come in handy when he becomes involved in an ambitious reporter's ( gabrielle fitzpatrick ) expose of a drug dealing ring ."	1
"where the former two have a specific comic-book following , the latter is an original work with the potential for broader appeal ."	1
""" alien "" is a claustrophobic exercise in quiet frights ."	1
exotica is a film that grows on retrospection .	1
"well , i swore never to give a movie the full five stars so i had to find something about the in his ice truck , the tracks it leaves in the snow behind him go on for several miles but then they just stop ."	1
"written for the screen and directed by coppola , the rainmaker is the best grisham film yet mostly because it does not take itself too seriously ."	1
a final speech by adams is followed by an anticlimax where subtitles show what eventually happened to the various characters .	1
there are a lot of very nice shots around their hotel .	1
"because of this , i will tread lightly so i don't ruin it for anyone reading this review , and it would be very advisable to avoid all other material regarding this film until after you have seen it ."	1
mr . darabont also overplays his hand considerably in the manipulation of our affection towards and association with his characters .	1
"bala asks z is he would like to dance , and they engage in a pulp fiction-esque dance while everyone else is following the leader ."	1
"lastly , who are the ideal companions for this sort of movie ? my grandmother comes to mind ."	1
"kujan wants to confirm that his nemesis , the rogue cop keaton ( gabriel byrne ) , is actually dead ."	1
"bruce bickford's outlandish clay animation is that beyond belief with zooms , morphings , etc . and actually , it doesn't even look like clay , it looks like meat ."	1
because it's not handled like the greatest story ever told is precisely why it's so great .	1
he provided a fantastic performance .	1
"his newest target is young mother willa harper ( shelley winters ) , whose murderer husband ben ( peter graves ) has hidden $10 , 000 somewhere ."	1
"although there is a victory for the leading characters , this resolution suggests a disturbing element of fantasy in jane , and thus a deep-seated character flaw ."	1
"they know not who she is , but that doesn't matter ."	1
in other movies sex is glamorized .	1
""" what's the difference between 60 million and 100 million dead ? """	1
"he manages to do so , but he is himself captured and thrown into the dungeon ."	1
"they seek help with a friend of jackson's ( played by the q-man himself ) , desperately in need of a stress ball ."	1
"his favorite parts are the battles and the ending , and his favorite characters are robin and king richard ( ian hunter ) ."	1
the shocking conclusion is just as unpredictable as the endings of most films are predictable .	1
but this is a relatively small complaint about a very good movie .	1
"one of her university students ( she's reading virginia woolf's "" the waves "" ) turns out to be one of the young men who participated in the beach search ."	1
"it's a worthy effort , with terrific acting and some impressive writing from elmore leonard and tarantino ."	1
"like so many previous reviewers , i must note that i watched star wars for the first time twenty years ago , and that i remained enchanted by the experience ever since ."	1
"but the thing that held this movie back more than anything else was its lead character , his cold demeanor and the zero chemistry that he shared with either one of his inter-species love interests ."	1
are we to assume that toddler truman had no recollection of hearing the construction of such a gigantic dome during his formative years ?	1
gas stations are the same .	1
"as the bar scene progresses , the camera pans 180 degrees to reveal the fury of the mob ."	1
we see most of the events through the stories of four teenagers and how life affects them .	1
"mary stein plays the owner of the flealands hotel , an animal-loving young spinster who harbors these lost creatures much to the dismaying anger of her fellow neighbors ."	1
"the remaining girls manage to smug nikki's diary out of her grieving mother's home , and page through it at patti's place , investigating the root of nikki's despair ."	1
"it also lives on in conventions , gatherings of the show's obsessive fans who never fail to dress in "" galaxy quest "" costumes and ask absurdly logical questions about its delirious technobabble ."	1
"he blends into his role here perfectly as the risk taking jack foley , who's willing to gamble everything on the chance that karen sisco might be his true love ."	1
"in a perfect world , "" a civil action "" would be a breath of fresh air ."	1
"unfortunately , it was saturated with traditional , disney-cute animation , and lost points against the rapidly-changing face of the competition ."	1
i got the feeling that itus 2 1/2 hour running time could have been cut by 15 or 20 minutes without losing any of its resonance .	1
"he says to a black congregation "" . . . if you can't cut down on malt liquor and chicken wings and get behind someone other than a running back who stabs his wife , you're never gonna get rid of me . "" )"	1
"i can't remember seeing her in anything ( except for a small role in mars attacks ! ) , but hopefully she will get many more roles from this one ."	1
"now , to produce the effect that i mentioned above and to sink the ship itself are feats that are accomplished by special effects wizards ."	1
"instead they wanted to stop short of condemning so many small american towns where lynchings actually do occur , and they thereby meddled throughout the entire script ."	1
"many of the individual scenes are strong enough to earn good will hunting a recommendation , even if the overall story is somewhat generic ."	1
"the muppet movie is the first , and the best movie among the ever-growing list of muppet movies ."	1
"archer finds himself having a secret love affair in his mind with countess olenska , attempting to keep her in his mind while trying not to lose his social status ."	1
the various predicaments of the clock family are clever and thrilling .	1
bottom line : this one really is fun for the whole family !	1
"daniel uses his access to the house to keep an eye on miranda's flirtation with a wealthy client ( pierce brosnan ) , to spend time with the children , and to learn something about responsible parenting , all the while trying to keep his identity hidden from the people who know him best ."	1
"their apartment and almost everything in the film casts reflections and the crew can be seen in these , some quite glaringly ."	1
"gu shoots the interiors , which are almost all dark wood paneling , with a minimum of light ."	1
"hardcore , on the other hand , might serve as precious document , because it depicts sex film industry in the period often regarded as the golden age by connoisseurs - before the advent of video , when many of the porno filmmakers could afford to think of themselves as artists ."	1
"ted "" unabomber """	1
"eddie murphy who showed his voice talent in 1998s "" mulan "" does another bang up job here , and he is the comic relief in the film ."	1
"even the plot to this film improved above the others , as a sort-of twisted nuclear-weapon smuggling deal is botched and jackie takes the blame ."	1
felicity shagwell is one shagadellic babe .	1
"she speaks all her words in almost zombie-like hushes , and when she's having sex , she has a blank look on her face , not showing the viewer whether she's enjoying it or not ."	1
"his performance is not flashy , nor memorable , just solid ."	1
"ultimately however , the thin red line's interest is not in the characters and it is not in drama ."	1
"then there are the others : pinto , a wimp ; flounder , a blimp ; d . day , a biker ; stork , who may or may not have brain-damage ; and last but not least . . ."	1
"but as i viewed 'double jeopardy' i found that it was a great movie , it has a surprising sense of humor and a big dose of heart , along with heart-pounding suspense and twists and turns here and there it certainly is a really good movie ."	1
the basic idea behind the movie is that every once in a while ( make that every 1000 years or so ) an evil force comes to destroy earth .	1
"he has a hard time taking control of his emotions , which usually gets the better of him ."	1
"directed by ron clements and john musker , with voice credits including tate donovan , susan egan , bob goldthwait , matt frewer , samantha eggar , paul shaffer , and , as lighting bolt zeus , rip torn , who's having a very good summer , also appearing in trial and error and men in black ."	1
it has happened again .	1
we are not invited to know what he is searching for until he finds it himself .	1
the animation is first-rate .	1
"providing solid support is cuba gooding , jnr ( jerry maguire , 1996 ) and yeardly smith ( who is the voice of lisa simpsons in the simpsons ) although gooding isn't as good as is character in maguire , he is still fun ."	1
"one of the best scenes in the film occurs toward the end as a crazed welles , who no longer seems like a hero , brutally beats one of the pornographers responsible for the snuff film ."	1
"douglas triumphs , playing against type as he spends most of his time disheveled , unshaven and clad in a pink women's house robe ."	1
this is because few moviegoers will care a whole lot about some guy in a leisure suit or terry cloth shirt sitting at a folding card table with a stogie in his mouth .	1
"it's an exciting , often hilarious movie that engaged me and left me ready for the next star trek film ."	1
"filled with anecdotes , the show talks about the happenings at the various conventions ."	1
"then again , this is james cameron , the guy who has given us true lies and terminator 2 : judgment day ."	1
i appreciate a film that makes me have to think to keep up .	1
"one night three black youths break into derek's truck , which is exactly what derek has been waiting for ."	1
nearly every sequence flirts with becoming syrupy and cliched .	1
"but the true glue that holds this film together , other than the spirit of elvis himself , is costner and russell , who play their badass characters to the t . sure , russell's been down this road before , but costner surprised me with his nastiness ."	1
"you get the sense disney said to themselves , "" alright , let's get out there and find us some chinese americans in hollywood ."	1
that same lie has been perpetuated ad infinitum throughout the ages .	1
"even though a lot of critics didn't like the film , i loved it ."	1
everything you need to know is explained to the viewer by duchovny and others .	1
"starring brad pitt , anthony hopkins , claire forlani"	1
"rico has a leg that is paralysed from the knee down , so he walks in a peculiar way ."	1
"and so , wild things sets into motion ."	1
"shakespeare in love is one of the smartest , funniest , most touching films of the year ."	1
"in the long run , it will probably hurt the film , as people won't be able to think of or remember it ."	1
"the producers are not stupid , making a movie just for fans of the series is not profitable ."	1
"and when it doesn't work , it's just dull ."	1
a rather unusual thing about'the thirteenth floor' is the almost complete lack of special effects .	1
"though the film drags and even repeats itself , this can be somewhat excused as influenced by the process of grieving ."	1
"later he will learn that his name is john murdoch ( sewell ) , but for now he has no idea what's going on other than the fact something is not right ."	1
"the film is set in toronto , and follows several people in their various escapades on the last night of existence ."	1
there is no question that action-adventure and science-fiction/action movies are now judged by the character of their light and noise .	1
possibly its some guy with a hook who wants to know what you did last summer .	1
a shot of an alien egg . . .	1
can you see it ?	1
"in other words , it's okay to be ordinary if you have love and a purpose in your life ."	1
he is moving towards a level of madness and insanity that defies comprehension .	1
"they tried to block it out , they tried to escape from the concerns of their world ."	1
or see how their children turn out ?	1
"it shouldn't come as any surprise that the acting , at least from three of the four leads , is solid ."	1
"scorsese presents the life of jesus = christ , through nikos kazantzakis' novel , which details the life of = christ from approximately 20 until the day of crucifixtion ."	1
"while the wedding singer maintains some of that post-snl cornball humor , its sincerity and charm carry it a very , very long way ."	1
"the material may be considered crude and tasteless by many , and i might have thought so as well had shandling not been the lead ."	1
"in particular , we got nick nolte as one hard-ass texas ranger , powers boothe as the drug kingpin , michael ironsides as the leader of the secret army , and rip torn as the local sheriff ."	1
"with two charismatic characters such as these , it's hard to ignore that `where the money is' is where the fun is ."	1
"clarence is an angel without his wings , and each time the bell rings , the wings pass him by ."	1
"roger ebert calls the american version the "" austin powers version , "" and many others have bashed the alterations ."	1
"the soundtrack is remastered ( though travolta still hits that awful high note at the end of "" nights "" ) and the restored widescreen allows us to see previously pan-and-scanned-out choreography , but nothing else has changed -- no computer-generated backgrounds , no outtakes or new musical numbers , no jabba the hutt cameos ."	1
"and they're even more so to his girlfriend , jess ( angela featherstone ) , who is fed up that her boyfriend's boss means more to arlo than her ."	1
from this point maclachlan finds himself involved with a lounge singer ( isabella rossellinia ) who has lost her son and husband to a kidnapping .	1
"the narrations are more informative than intrusive , and apprise us of what the stakes are and why certain players want to do the things they do ."	1
"for any groom on the verge of proposing marriage to his girlfriend , there are certain rules that he needs to follow ."	1
"the acting is quite good , with some occasional witty moments ."	1
will smith and tommy lee jones both do great jobs and both are a blast to watch .	1
at the time they haven't yet had sex nor have they killed anyone yet .	1
"segment four is set to dmitri shostakovich's "" piano concerto no . 2 "" and is an animated version of hans christian andersen's "" the steadfast tin soldier "" ."	1
"and just think , they managed to do it without sacrificing a single testicle ."	1
"of course it doesn't , and here , her naysayers are proved wrong in a big way ."	1
"with the release of the studio's newest feature length film , a remake of edgar rice burrough's creation tarzan , disney has plunged into new waters with both maturity and animation techniques ."	1
"i have a soft spot in my heart for pure , amoral sleaze ."	1
"moments that undoubtedly will improve in comic potency upon each new viewing , with so much more to explore and to cherish ."	1
"in the vision of america presented here , msnbc is the television news source of choice in every home , when in reality it only reaches a fraction of the country ."	1
"this movie is about visions of bats floating through your head , johnny depp looking goofy and being bald , and the cornucopia of drug-ravaged scenes filling your own intoxicated system with ideas of anarchy , rebellion and the lost american dream ."	1
-jackson pollock to a life magazine reporter on recognizing when you've completed a painting	1
"the queen is pregnant but she has not liased with the king before , so fingers are pointed at sir roger de lodgerley played by charles hawtrey , who has a rather lecherous character to play this time ."	1
"unfortunately , the first forty minutes or so are relatively slow , dwelling mainly on ethan and nyah's quickly blossoming romance and seeming more in place in a james bond film than with the less glamorous mission : impossible tv series ."	1
"she looks at him with glistening eyes , not questioning the laws or rebelling against her secondary role and how her religion keeps her from studying the talmud and having all the modern conveniences of life , and from seeing movies and tv ."	1
the author is even on record as applauding egoyan's changes .	1
"well , the commercial part is ."	1
is the question that infests the rest of this sci-fi epic .	1
"they gradually become good friends , and spend the summer together doing various things , such as studying insects ( namely locusts , who come out of hiding once every 17 years ) , playing tennis , and listening to a symphony orchestra through a manhole cover ."	1
"when he's not rolling the ball down an alley towards a strike , things just happen to him ."	1
"black & white is a film about hip-hop culture , and the film's omnipresent hip-hop soundtrack strongly supports this ."	1
"either way you see it , it shouldn't let you down in the slightest ."	1
"in keeping with its hip style , pop music is used , which like myer's voice may be initially jarring , but ultimately satisfies ( while surveying bridal candidates via a 'dating game' parody broadcast by snow white's evil queen's mirror , farquaad is told 'fiona likes pina coladas' - cue jimmy buffet ! ) ."	1
"the mummy could have gotten an "" a "" rating from me if it had gone purely with one of these ."	1
"i'm not about to say , because the plot point is crucial to the rest of the story ( many critics , however , give it away ) ."	1
"while in & out doesn't carry enough to give it four stars , it remains one of the best done films of the year , all-around ."	1
""" not gettin' any ! """	1
i'm definitely going to have to check out the novel it was based on .	1
that feeling of metaphysical freedom that you can create your own universe .	1
"however , the time convergence approach only works at times , for often it's just distracting , as in one scene where tamora's suviving sons ( matthew rhys and jonathan rhys meyers ) blow off steam playing video arcade games ."	1
"its success made a sequel inevitable , but this is not the sequel , i suspect , anyone much wanted ."	1
"try too hard , and it snaps ; but too much reservation means someone else will come along and pull it farther ."	1
"whereas bergman uses artifice as a tool to expose reality , leigh makes the camera a mere observer , almost as in a pbs documentary ."	1
lonely being a cannibal .	1
"during a film-class discussion , windsor college students articulate what these inevitable laws are , and why sequels never live up to the originals ."	1
"whitaker carries the film by using what truly great actor's use , his face ."	1
the other titles which were considered were more promising - in pursuit of honor or a matter of honor would have been acceptable although navy cross or undisclosed are a little meaningless as far as i'm concerned .	1
"the love scene between felicity and fat bastard , that redefines sex ."	1
"meanwhile , word comes from the emporer that one man from every family must join the army and help fight the huns ."	1
one of the most important aspects of the film that most be noted and analyzed before the film can really be dissected as a whole is writer/director neil labute's basic setup and some of the unique methods he employs to tell the story .	1
gavin and his father's attempts to avoid eating her meals are extremely amusing .	1
"from cameron diaz's appearence to john malkovich's explorations i laughed very hard , and it may as well be as funny as as good as it gets ( the funniest ! ) ."	1
he's been here before and he deals with it in the only way he knows how .	1
"during fight sequences , the director also uses a number of point-of-view shots designed to show the world , however briefly , from la motta's perspective ."	1
"compare that scene , if you will , to the last eighty minutes of "" titanic , "" when the behemoth sinks slowly and spectacularly to its watery demise , and you'll appreciate the futility of comparing greatness in films ."	1
"as with "" tommy , "" "" hedwig "" tells a story of isolation , pain and defiance , but without the bloated feel of that beloved , but overrated rock opera ."	1
"she and her band , the angry inch , shadows the now-famous tommy gnosis across the us ( for revenge ? ) , but hedwig is really in search of her lost other half in "" hedwig and the angry inch . """	1
"the film focuses on the fledgling republic of planets and the conflict that is raging : the trade federation , angry at some tax raise that was recently put in place has invaded the small , peaceful planet of naboo ."	1
how could you possibly know that a film is so great that nothing you could possibly see in the future could beat it ?	1
"also in the supporting cast , paul giamatti as rudy , one of the hostages , is notable for the comic relief he provides ."	1
"in walks princess bala ( sharon stone ) , whom no one recognizes without a crown ."	1
"his two previous films , badlands and days of heaven , are spectacularly beautiful and obscure motion pictures ."	1
"my only previous experience with les miserables is with the musical ( as i am sure many others' is ) , and i was dismayed to see eponine , a friend of marius's who selflessly dies in the name of her unspoken love for him , almost completely jettisoned from this adaptation ( the daughter of the thenardiers , here she is only briefly seen as a child ) ."	1
oscar does not see gambling as a vice .	1
chew food with your mouth open .	1
"mitchum is a loser ; and , that he lived so long , is a tribute to his skills as a survivor ."	1
"the phantom menace not only introduces an earlier generation of characters and an immediate crisis , but sets up the foundation for the events that will eventually lead to the fall of the republic , the demise of the jedi knights , anakin's turn to evil , and the rise of the dark empire of original trilogy ."	1
"irons is haunting , and that is why reversal of fortune is so good ."	1
"that , walker seems to suggest , is where the real terror lays : not in the crime itself but in the fact that rational motives do not exist ."	1
"plus if you think about it , what planet are you from ?"	1
"and thanks to the opening sequence , where we see her and hilary as kids , we understand the motives behind all her actions , and by the time she actually contracts ms and begins to loose her sanity and her life , we've already understood that this is the last straw for a woman plagued with terrible neuroses ."	1
"if he doesn=92t watch out , mel gibson is in danger of being known as someone other than mad max ."	1
"since i love this film so much , i'll make a minor note that it certainly isn't perfect ."	1
"it's a funny , and at some times shocking , look at the modern political process ."	1
"cameron diaz , barely recognizable under a mess of brown , curly hair , sheds her perpetually sunny smile and draws big laughs as a woman thrown into extreme sexual confusion after taking a ride in malkovich ."	1
then there are the parents who buy a little girl as a pet for there young daughter .	1
"broderick plays robert gould shaw , the young white officer who led the black soldiers into battle ."	1
"and , in the hands of anyone less careful than the creative staff of this film , it might very well be nothing more than a fairy tale , where we roll our eyes occasionally , smirk to ourselves , and maybe get a forced tear out of the eyes and a "" boy , i wish that could happen "" sigh out of the lips upon exiting the theater and tossing the empty pepsi cup into the trash ."	1
"all of this transpires in the first twenty minutes or so of the film , and part of what makes "" shallow grave "" so brilliant for a while is that i honestly had no idea what was coming next ."	1
"in a regrettable crime of passion he takes a baseball bat to the guy's head , and suddenly finds himself a fugitive for murder , and estranged from his wife and two kids ."	1
"from a humiliated but kind cop to an aging game show host , each one of these characters is suffering the same kind of pain ."	1
"it's a minor , but irritating , flaw ."	1
""" the iron giant "" has much more of a satirical edge to it than most family films , and the edgy humor is actually quite refreshing ."	1
"doubtfire manages to carve out its own space , particularly through the surprisingly honest moments involving a judge's decision and the ultimate status of daniel and miranda's relationship ."	1
"and as layers of the truth become revealed , the story grows more complex and intriguing by the moment ."	1
"alone , hated and feared , he is completely aware of his ugliness ."	1
"and it also goes for a parallelism with the relationship between sean and lambeau , but that , again , is underwritten ."	1
"well , there is such a plot , and it works very well in this comedy ."	1
few other avocations could give this much satisfaction .	1
"jerry springer has got nothing on "" wild things . """	1
"charles coburn plays anthony's legal partner , sir simon flaquer ."	1
"she seems oddly knowledgeable about human society , with glaring gaps where her social skills should be ."	1
there is just something about her breathtaking eyes that makes her a natural to play the innocent victim .	1
"this eventually sparks a racial war between the "" coloreds "" and the "" black & whites . """	1
the movie sustains its laughs and also its flashes of insight until almost the end .	1
"just before the grasshoppers come , flick accidentally knocks over the offering , and ruins everything for the entire colony : the grasshopper's leader , hopper ( kevin spacey ) , is enraged , and tells them that the ants need twice the food by the end of summer , or they're all dead ."	1
but i sat in the theatre for over and hour wondering where all the special effects were .	1
"terry gilliam's "" 12 monkeys "" was one such film ."	1
the company was set for an ipo in may 2000 . . .	1
"the creature design and special effects are amazing as expected , and their interaction with the human actors are a realistic , imaginative high point ."	1
and for those worried wether or not peter jackson would compromise to hollywood you can rest easily .	1
"after grimacing through the forced screwball antics of movies like america's sweethearts and the princess dairies , it's an almost indescribable pleasure to see a director taking his time to tell a story very well ."	1
it also seems that melvin will never change .	1
even the most religious directors - like martin scorsese or ingmar bergman - usually address issues of faith in implicit rather than explicit religious terms .	1
""" and the frogs shall come up both on thee and upon thy people , and upon all thy servants . """	1
"granted , it contains some uproariously funny moments both in and out of the concentration camp , but it does not pull a "" hogan's heros "" and make light of the slaughtering of some six million innocent jews ."	1
"now here's a movie that gives you exactly what you're looking for , if what you're looking for is kickass action , a palpable good cop/bad cop story line , some hardcore stunts and jet li slam-dunking everyone in sight !"	1
all the comic potential in a scene is dug out and presented to the audience .	1
"`seahaven' , his hometown , and the show itself , are the brainchild of christof ( harris ) , who presides over his creation in the base of a fake moon , directing over 500 cameras and hundreds of actors and extras ."	1
"in an exclusive four month engagement ( from january 1st to april 30th , 2000 ) , fantasia 2000 can be seen at many imax theaters across the us ."	1
this film is not rated .	1
the best way to see this film would be as a parody of the countless conspiracy films that we have been drowned in since the paranoia of the 80s .	1
what's most amazing is that all this success is in spite of a severe lack of originality .	1
"such rude awakening , however , can happen in another direction - conservative people are sometimes forced to discover unpleasant truths about world they live in ."	1
i prefer to just enjoy the spectacle .	1
foster plays anna with equal parts clenched jaw and wide-eyed wonder .	1
i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .	1
sweet .	1
"available for rental - october 12 , 1999"	1
"it is a theme of forbidden romance , guilty pleasures , and the consequences causes because of those actions ."	1
"hopefully , children will learn that killing ants is rather cruel ."	1
"why not tell the people the truth about being a sleazy politician - that he is bought and paid for by lobbyists , and that racism among the populace protects politicians from being the target of charges of classism ?"	1
"however , this time around , most of her "" alien "" urges have been either decreased dramatically , or lie dormant ."	1
now let's get back to our brandy and cigars .	1
""" say , any of you know how to madison ? """	1
"however , this partly improvised gem will be remembered for more than that ."	1
"watch out for the next one , it should be one steamy encounter between queen amidala and anakin skywalker - who i believe should be portrayed by ? leonardo di caprio ."	1
"however , the special effects by john dykstra and john stears are indeed impressive , even after two decades ( although 1997 special edition did improve them significantly ) , yet they aren't the most remembered trademark of the movie ."	1
"this is impressive because the mood is so tense , and the fact that it can be down-played as well as it is here ( let alone at all ) is quite an accomplishment ."	1
dar is innocent .	1
the biggest problem with a film of this nature is that they try to cram too many things into the movie .	1
"things start going wrong , though , with greed and violence weaving their ways through their plan ."	1
"willis has a mixed history in picking projects , but his characters are always watchable ."	1
"his reaction shots , with his wildly exaggerated eye movements , are comedic gems ."	1
"both times i've seen it , its been hard ( again to quote scorsese ) waking up ."	1
"edwards doesn't take this seriously , but when the criminal shows very non-human characteristics and leaps off the building , he begins to wonder ."	1
"obviously , the primary goal of the film is to stun and amaze audiences with extremely sophisticated cgi ."	1
will lester regain his ability to appreciate life ?	1
"the characters here are more like real people with genuine problems , the story is absorbing , and the acting is top-notch ."	1
"nonetheless , a narrowly mishandled finale certainly won't wipe the smile off your face , nor anyone else's in the audience ."	1
he has become an unquestioning weapon .	1
my personal favorite fan is sir speedy photocopying worker barbara adams .	1
"so tenebrae has much to recommend it , no question ."	1
"norton , an exceptional actor , is wonderful as the beleaguered lawyer trying to navigate the legal system while dealing with flynt's increasingly childish and bizarre behavior ."	1
"i get shot for my efforts and the woman i love , but hey that's life and that's still a beautiful thing - so by jove don't give me any crap about it !"	1
'we are all out of corn flakes - f . u . '	1
"what ever happened to horror movies , where the horror was in the atmosphere , and in the characters ."	1
"once hanks knows the secret , it gets really slow ."	1
"the plotline of "" the faculty , "" involving aliens taking over other people's bodies , has been done quite a lot before , from "" invasion of the body snatchers , "" to "" the puppet masters , "" to "" invaders from mars , "" so one of the obstacles that williamson and rodriguez had to overcome was to somehow make the idea seem fresh , and by setting the goings-on at a high school and having the protagonists be a group of teens , they were mostly successful ."	1
"while it does remind one of danny boyle's shallow grave without the abundance of black humour , it keeps the drama that should really be a part of such a story on morality , or the lack thereof , found in a film with this subject matter ."	1
"the film will also definitely draw attention from religious people , but they shouldn't take it too far ."	1
"i was worried that disney was going to make another hercules ( sorry , jerk-ules ) ."	1
"he becomes an object of fear and suspicion among the community , and the tension only increases as the survivors begin to die ."	1
"in one gloriously horrific scene , chris and his "" tracker "" ( max von sydow ) arrive at a sea of faces ."	1
"then there's the unforgettable soundtrack , largely composed by german group popul vuh ."	1
"at another time we follow a young boy as he runs , searching for a hiding spot before finally squeezing into a toilet -- which is already occupied ."	1
"batman and robin proved that the director failed to realize one fundamental fact : comics have grown up , and so has the audience ( i'm working on a scathing review of batman and robin and will post it up when i'm ready ) ."	1
"they also , very wisely , add an unbelievable amount of charisma to the main characters and actually have them develop as the story progresses ."	1
"for fans of visual stimulation or classical music , fantasia 2000 is a perfect way to spend the afternoon ."	1
"a perfect solution , it combines the dread of organized crime and the still-present uneasiness with the former eastern block countries ."	1
"carla gugino graduates from high school and instead of staying in her small farming town , she goes to college in california ."	1
"gibson's character has an almost uncountable number of one-liners , hilarious situations , and his character is one that the audience tends to side with throughout the film ."	1
"arguably , more americans today can explain what "" the force "" or a "" jedi "" is than a budget deficit or a serb ."	1
"her performance was fine , but through the rest of the film i kept thinking , "" that's no boy ape , that rosie o'donnell . """	1
"we're generally used to scenes where our point of view is lifted from the earth to treetop level or so , but in this case , the camera just keeps going up and up until we have a bird's eye view of the ground below ."	1
max has an easy job for bobby ; fly to new york and make a simple delivery to a gangster named ruiz ( a smooth and silky sean combs ) .	1
the cast has a great deal of fun with the bounteous material they're given .	1
"one day he dines ar his favorite restaurant , and is a little too mean to his normal waitress ( the only waittress that will serve him ) , carol ( played to perfection by a lovely and sexy helen hunt . )"	1
"pierce brosnan plays the volcanologist sent to study the volcano and , perhaps more by hunch than actual scientific proof , is determined that the volcano will be arupting in the very near future ."	1
the sci-fi realm has been waiting a little while for something new to come along .	1
"the audience feels for this pathetic little man , thanks to the great script ."	1
"a nice , romantic soundtrack adds to this date-night special ."	1
this vessel crash lands on fury 109 .	1
"by continuing to follow john as he wanders around this strange place , so much unlike the real world we know , we come to realize that it's all a hoax ."	1
"with the release of gattaca , i began to wonder why all science fiction films deal with destructive aliens , or aliens in general ."	1
i can't wait .	1
"after serving 19 years in a prison work camp for stealing a loaf of bread , the brutish jean valjean ( liam neeson ) is paroled ."	1
'the messenger' has muscles instead of brains .	1
"one is rare color footage , shot by an american , of piles of victims in cattle cars ."	1
"it keep jumping around from past to present , so it obviously took awhile to get a grasp of things ."	1
"minutes later after that , their brand new , strikingly red , jeep grand cherokee unexpectedly stops ."	1
"but they soon take another tact and decide to prep bob on how to get fuller's attention about their company's product as they sent him off to meet fuller , and will await his return in the hotel room ."	1
"many reviews of "" the deep end "" describe margaret as a mother ferociously protecting her son , but i wonder ."	1
"visually , it's an exciting rush of adrenaline ."	1
the experience is liberating .	1
the movie begins in his childhood in a strict school run by catholic priests .	1
although the part of danielle is a bit stretched it is not too unlikely and not totally unbelievable .	1
"most of the country is divided into tiny segments - some are controlled by guerrillas with guns , some are controlled by army soldiers with guns , and all the spaces in-between are controlled by thieves , bandits , and terrorists ."	1
"confident in their assessment of matters , a plan is set in motion to escape their hellish environment ."	1
"right off the bat , rico becomes the star of the show , far surpassing all the other soldiers and becoming squadron leader in a short period of time ."	1
such high position could be explained with the fact that kaufman's film looks quite atypical for its time .	1
check out halloween ii it explains it all .	1
"when horner scouts a fresh faced stud bussing tables at his favorite discotheque , he decides to add him to his stable ."	1
"but on the other hand , his outwardly jovial disposition is only a mask for his intense contempt for all of mankind ."	1
"typical disney fashion , she has three animal companions : her horse khan , a lucky cricket crickey , and a pint-sized "" guardian "" dragon called mushu ( eddie murphy ) ."	1
"+mary+ is the sweetest , warmest , all-out laugh-and-grossfest this side of _animal house_ ."	1
"it takes a lot of thought and understanding of the series to create a film using roots as complicated as the ones that the series provides , and then create a coherent film that anyone can understand clearly ."	1
"as the weeks draw on , jay obsessively takes it upon himself to uncover claire's personal routines ."	1
"much more open than the rather subdued primary colours , bulworth barely gives the american politic system a good name ."	1
did i ? yes and no .	1
"this is , for the holiday crowd , the hot ticket ; as well as anyone looking for a serving of genuine action in a market that is otherwise lacking ."	1
in old bond movies bond sometimes teamed up with american cia agent felix leiter .	1
"and when 'the thirteenth floor' aired this fall , it was completely overseen and ignored ."	1
"she works in an art museum and at some point throughout the film , each character will engage her in almost the exact same conversation and her reaction is always different , from becoming involved in a relationship with one , to brushing it off as small talk with another , to being outright appalled by yet another ."	1
she seems little more than a cardboard cutout character .	1
"as a director , duvall feels that less is more ."	1
the fact that capone is evil is very apparent from the first few scenes .	1
"the film was reportedly shot in eleven days , filmed mostly in sequence , and the resultant artifacts of this rapid shoot are evident throughout ."	1
even more so when considering the fact it's all stuffed rather nonchalantly into an 81-minute time period .	1
"my real concern , though , was the general reputation of snl-related movies translating to the big screen with less-than-stellar results ( half-baked , anyone ? )"	1
"while the hypnosis goes as expected to the party-goers , it triggers something in tom's head ."	1
"now teaming with co-director peter lord , park has created a similar creature in "" chicken run . """	1
"tommy lee jones is nothing short of brilliant as gerard , because he manages an incredibly challenging feat ."	1
"it's also very emotional , thanks to a great script by david koepp , and amazing performances by pacino and miller ."	1
"when the trailer hit theaters in september attached to urban legend , it looked like a wonderful follow-up ."	1
"the film also incorporates into the story line actual events in atlanta's history , including the 1958 bombing of the temple ( the city's oldest jewish congregation ) and a 1965 ceremony honoring the reverend dr . martin luther king , jr ."	1
those of you who frequently read my reviews are not likely to be surprised by the fact that i have not read victor hugo's novel les miserables .	1
"this is an "" event "" film , but surprisingly above average ."	1
"the other characters lola runs into ( both purposely and inadvertently ) include her banker father ( herbert kraup ) and a friendly security guard ( armin rohde ) , but aside from the two leads , no one has more than a few minutes of screen time ."	1
"but overall , this film is yet another great example of the horror genre making a very cool comeback this year with no tight tanktops in sight ."	1
the incessantly up-beat film ends with a singing elvis impersonator .	1
"it's not unlike most of the great films of the genre , yet it never apes another's style as it has a good layer of authenticity , even if its core is a tad stale ."	1
"at the beginning of the film , three servants , mrs . mills ( fionnula flanagan ) , young , mute lydia ( elaine cassidy ) , and mr . tuttle ( eric sykes ) , an aging gardener , join the family ."	1
"this is , after all , the first movie quentin tarantino has directed since the highly touted pulp fiction ."	1
i didn't feel much upon initially watching it .	1
he also must watch over his mentally handicapped brother arnie ( leonardo dicaprio ) and help care for his extremely overweight mother ( darlene cates ) .	1
"accusing someone of murder in this situation is like "" handing out speeding tickets at the indy 500 "" , as he puts it ."	1
i was more interested in finding out which of the two men would be victorious in their respective missions .	1
"while entertaining and funny , it feels really out of place ."	1
"indeed , the whole cast gives warmly rounded , detailed performances ."	1
i'm assuming that collins requested the same .	1
"thanks to a lovingly created setting and a marvelous cast , this 1993 release proves well worth the wait ."	1
"labute never really answers , but since the film is more concerned with the payoff than the process , it still makes for good drama , tension , and manip ulation so intricate and deceitful it's fascinating ."	1
"the film tries for deeper relations between the characters , but they're sometimes either overwritten or underwritten ."	1
"biggs is more than enjoyable , and chris klein ( who recently played a similar jock in election ) is obviously a young talent on the rise ."	1
"basically we get to see marty as an old man , his house , his family , etc . we also go back to an alternate 1985 , and then back again to 1955 , with everything happening so fast the film never stops to catch a breath ."	1
i don't know of anyone going through the same situations as these people .	1
this gives the film many opportunities to bring in more characters into the epic story .	1
"in 1994 , an insider's look at a scandal-ridden run for the democratic presidential nomination ( closely based on clinton's 1992 campaign ) was written anonymously ( former newsweek writer joe klein later claimed true authorship ) ."	1
"without a doubt , it is an unmistakable classic of the genre ."	1
"argento peels back the facade of showbiz and jetset lifestyles to reveal an amoral , ambivalent , shadowy world where desire in all its forms has become a dangerous business ."	1
"the big drop-off is undoubtedly the high point of jackie brown , in which numerous double-crosses take place and many clothing store bags ( filled with cash ) switch hands ."	1
"ultimately , the allies rescue the camp ."	1
"it is an opportunity for me to get a fresh breath in another part of the world , so distant from my own ."	1
"you wouldn't expect something bright and cheery based on robert louis stevenson's novel , but the film is surprisingly dreary and dismal ."	1
"in 1995 kevin made another movie 'mallrats' that flopped horribly , thought it was not the best movie ever made it was a pretty good little flick ."	1
it was the image that lillian spent her time painting all summer and had the same affect for her as did the animal faces in picasso's guernica had for him .	1
"i was crackin' up at almost every other scene , and they weren't "" set-up jokes "" like your typical comedies either , just day-to-day things that we could all relate to ( like the scene in which ving rhames is "" drinking koolaid "" in the kitchen and his infamously improvised "" african squat f * * k "" scene , which you just gotta see to believe ! )"	1
"had "" hedwig and the angry inch "" came out in the '70s , right after david bowie's "" ziggy stardust , "" it likely would now be regarded as one of the most popular rock musicals of all time ."	1
"we never understand what they see in each other , so when skylar confesses that she loves him , it seems more like it's there for plot details that anything else ."	1
"when he goes to mind head with tales of caucasian strangers appearing from nowhere to babble "" white code "" in his face , they fear the nervous breakdown of an important client and rush him off to a retreat , requiring bowfinger to find a stand-in ."	1
"in existenz , we learned that our life could be just a game ."	1
"asia argento's performance is by turns risky , awkward and fascinating ."	1
"the fact that he simultaneously lusts after her ideologically further illustrates that freudian foundation of entitlement which all men , no matter how obscure , have in their relationships ; a traditional expectation of success , to usurp and surpass women as a proverbial industry ."	1
matt's good at gambling but he's also got potential to be a great lawyer .	1
"for instance , when the mppa slapped the film with a dreaded x-rating , van peebles not only threatened to bring a lawsuit against jack valenti and the mpaa , but he also developed a little marketing scheme : he coined the phrases "" rated x by an all-white jury , "" which he put on the movie posters to help advertise the film ."	1
"instead , raimi directs with maturity and a gentle touch , easily letting the story and characters co-exist , while still letting some of the more traditional raimi elements come out , like some offbeat comic touches ."	1
"mr . forster's nuanced , understated performance is the best in the film ; he creates an amiable character of such poignancy that when he gazes at jackie , we smile along with him ."	1
such is life .	1
"although the film's rather conventional climax doesn't sustain the inspired dynamic achieved in the first two-thirds , and ultimately just falls short on delivering the intended emotional punch , there are moments through the truman show which are genuinely stirring and moving as truman attempts to make sense of his unraveling world and grasp the implications behind his discoveries of deception ."	1
"in titanic , for which he created a nine-tenths scale model of the entire ship , cameron strove for accuracy at all costs ."	1
go see it .	1
this verona is far from fair ; rumor has it that he previously laid his scene in prison .	1
"it was not until a young black boy from brooklyn being educated in toronto read carter's book in the 1980's , that a serious battle for freedom took place ."	1
"there are only a few hundred people on this whole planet , why do they have to be moved ?"	1
"many of the jokes are your typical inside star trek-fan-only jokes , while many of the others just fall flat ."	1
"their resolution to the obligatory "" whodunit ? """	1
"in comparison , beatrice always hints at a fault in john and his career every time she talks with him , and john gives it right back to her ."	1
notoriety from the contest led eventually to a movie career as an action heroine .	1
"ozon ( "" water drops on burning rocks , "" "" see the sea "" ) , who cowrote the script with emmanuelle bernheim , marcia romano , and marina de van , has turned in a more mature work than his previous , creepy "" see the sea . """	1
"i hate to burst anybody's bubble , but "" the sixth sense "" isn't really a horror film ."	1
my friend commented it was the best sound mix he has ever heard .	1
"scully is at his side , of course , but gillian anderson gets maybe half the screen time ."	1
"shakespeare in love is an amazingly good film , not because it works as great entertainment , but because it pays attention to detail and knows its subject matter ."	1
scagnetti's first meeting with mallory is through her pubic hair he plucks from the gas station attendant's mouth .	1
composer nigel westlake also returns with his whimsical music style that is perfect for cinematic fables such as these .	1
"the other half is carried by ashley judd , one of today's most promising dramatic actresses ."	1
gibson and glover are always in sync and the film moves at a brisk pace to get to the final and terrific mano a mano .	1
"that's probably not a fair question , and for a lot of us , it could very well be for neither of those reasons ."	1
"in fact , watching this film was quite a fine way to spend two hours ."	1
"one scene has catherine and james having sex , while she softly asks him questions about being with a man , which sounds almost erotic the way she says it ."	1
"jackie brown manages to be an enjoyable detour from quentin tarantino , even if it is lacking the glaring and original bite of his previous work ."	1
"this scene is so delicate and sweet , but cappie still has a girlfriend , preventing either one from acting on their desires ."	1
"fair enough , but this homeland is a specific nation cursed with a less than inspiring reality ."	1
"full metal jacket succeeds extremely well in documenting the life of a young man in vietnam , as have others in the past ."	1
"besides the nipple ring removal i mention above , there is also stargher's penchant for hanging suspended off of the floor by the rings that pierce his back and legs ( prior to his catatonia and capture ) which will have audiences recoiling ."	1
"music has an impact which can be undeniably felt , capable of leading the listener to emotional peaks and inspirational highs simply not attainable through other mediums ."	1
"while really well done , it had the feel of slapstick comedy ."	1
"thankfully , those aren't the exact words ."	1
david carradine makes an appropriately vampiric host ; he fiddles with a blade and cane while introducing the film .	1
"courtney love plays althea leasure in a startling turn , completely raw and impulsive ."	1
"later , as a young man , he meets luther , another g . i ."	1
"the scenes where she interacts with her husband , who she still believes is alive , are heartbreaking ."	1
"after going to the desert , christ learns his true purpose in life , = and what he must do ."	1
"the detailed character analyses and the powerful script make "" magnolia "" memorable ."	1
mpaa rating : pg-13 for sexual content and thematic elements	1
"each of them , regardless of age , gender , social class or physical appearance , is given opportunity to express his or her views , dreams and fears ."	1
"the party can be compared to many other films of it's type , specifically the trio of naked gun movies and the airplane movies , but the party is a delightful movie that incorporates very well played out comedy into believable situations ."	1
"overall , viewing jackie brown is time spent well ."	1
"the film , despite critic's declarations of it being a "" triumph of the human spirit "" , is no such thing ; not in my eyes , anyway ."	1
this simple offer of help leads magruder down a dangerous path with a black end .	1
"based on the wildly popular comedy central tv show , south park stars cartman , an overweight , foul-mouthed kid , with attitude , and a sweet side ."	1
"although , at a few points i thought i was watching a music video as opposed to a movie ."	1
"well , in blade , they run multinational companies in order to finance their vampire organizations ."	1
the entire cast is crisp and wonderful to watch ( i wouldn't be surprised if cromwell received an oscar nomination for his performance ) .	1
"just when she is about to bolt for the exit , he shows her a small gap in the wall adjoining his store with the noodle shop next door ."	1
"director curtis hanson ( "" l . a ."	1
"our three kings ( okay , four ) are good fighters , but they don't necessarily take operation desert storm seriously-it's a reprieve from their hellish day jobs ."	1
smith says as much in his amusing disclaimer that precedes the movie .	1
"so to hell with webster's -- "" chicken run "" is one of the funnest movies i've seen in a while ."	1
"it's now or never , folks ."	1
"in case you haven't already noticed , i believe "" pulp fiction "" is a supremely excellent film and one of the best of all time ( up there with such greats as "" casablanca "" and "" the godfather "" ) ."	1
"the city seems to stop to take notice of this moment , and it's all rather lovely to look at ."	1
"one year has passed since the last time we saw them , and but wayne campbell and garth algar are back but , they've moved out of their parents homes , and now have their own pad in an abandoned warehouse ."	1
"the ending of the movie has a subtle charm combined with a sense of awe and , ironically , the most disney-esque moment i've ever seen ; if you don't hold your breath in wonder you might want to get medical attention ."	1
"some scenes in apt pupil feel overdirected and/or obvious ( the dream sequences were extraneous ) , but the majority of the film is subdued-and singer's handling of the violent scenes is boldly restrained for a film about a murderer and a murderer-in-training ."	1
"your friends and neighbors is a rather bizarre film about 6 people , who hop in and out of bed with each other ."	1
"and , as a scene during the final credits shows , he even turns his punishment into a positive opportunity for change and betterment ."	1
the film starts with present day explorers searching the runied titanic .	1
"kermit and miss piggy continue to get to know each other a little better , including a rather funny scene at a restaurant with steve martin as the waiter ."	1
"the mixture of veteran performers and first-timers is effective , with the most successful choice being the casting of real-life mother and daughter phylida law and emma thompson in the most prominent roles ."	1
the republic government has sent the two jedi to settle a trade dispute that has developed into a blockade of the planet naboo by a shifty trade federation .	1
"the two performances -- part of a great top-to-bottom cast -- are effective and connected from the start , yet the script's apparent sympathy with the marital horror stories ben hears makes it difficult to enjoy the romance completely ."	1
"giles , who is a widower and a recluse , does not frequent the cinema , but when he learns that an e . m . forster film is playing at the local theater , he screws up his courage and decides to go ."	1
"to make matters worse , a savage group of cop-killers has been terrorizing the city ."	1
"we're the fans , not the freaks ."	1
"the storytelling is rich and complete , and although there are moments in the film that feel quite pretentious ( and at times , even hokey ) , it's easily one of the best 1997 films , and one of the best sci-fi films i've ever seen ."	1
"let's face it : since waterworld floated by , the summer movie season has grown * very * stale ."	1
"in 1940 , walt disney released a filmed experiment ."	1
often times this spells disaster for films because the film makers veer away from what made the show popular in the first place !	1
"drugs , a world-wide youthful phenomena during this period , where many westerners came to morocco to smoke the good hashish found there and to live the 'good life' cheaply , and to be in a spot where they did not have to worry about being hassled by the local authorities , even though drugs are illegal there ."	1
"that's when our narrator , ch ? , comes out to show that she wasn't the great woman she really was , and expose her fame ."	1
"if one thinks back over the movie , which character was transformed by their experiences ?"	1
"one of kyle mclachlan's earlier cinematic features , this movie has had an obvious influence on such films as the terminator ( 8/10 ) , species ( 7/10 ) and the more recent , fallen with denzel washington ."	1
so who will be the next king ?	1
this allows us to comprehend and accept truman's world before we contextualize it .	1
"though the plot is somewhat unoriginal , it has a very appealing new twist in its characters ."	1
mama jo presides over the family like all mothers should .	1
"henry's court is very corrupt , with the cardinal ( terry scott ) trying to bribe cromwell ( kenneth williams ) and cromwell trying to bribe the king ."	1
"also , the battle scenes are filmed in a strange herky jerky style that seems to be slo mo and fast forward simultaneously ."	1
"ironically , it was spielberg himself whose later commercial success would established new unwritten rules of "" blockubuster "" philosophy ."	1
spielberg said the only way he could shorten it was if indy pulled out his gun and just shot the guy .	1
"he's essentially a computer-animated sidekick who says things like "" exqueeze me ? """	1
"the story takes place in a renaissance setting ; in france , with leonardo da vinci providing some comic relief on more than one occasion ."	1
"once they find him , they are to bring him back for immediate discharge so that he can go home ."	1
"there's a bit of a non-sexual-yet-slightly-homoerotic relationship between her and ripley , but it's never really deepened enough ."	1
"benigni+s guido stays in character , and delivers the speech , keeping = the subject matter intact while showing the absurdity of its concept ."	1
"one of the most overlooked aspects of this film is the music , composed by cameron-regular james horner ."	1
"although the basically cartoonish broodwarrior might scare the littlest kids , i saw none of this in evidence in our packed screening , so i would say the show is fine for kids five and up , and possibly the younger ones ."	1
>from the man who presented us with henry : the portrait of a serial killer ( 6 . 5/10 )	1
"the two go through therapy together , and when getting out , they run into eachother again ."	1
it's while doing time in a florida prison that clooney learns of one rich inmate's ( albert brooks in a frightful bald wig ) collection of diamonds in detroit .	1
"where as "" fargo "" was sometimes shocking and disturbing while being funny , "" lucky numbers "" is just funny because you can't take these characters in these outrageous situations seriously ."	1
"in arguably the most anticipated movie this century , george lucas has achieved a very mixed reaction to a sure blockbuster ."	1
"the laserman is an ambitious endeavor , which is to be applauded , but it's sometimes ambitious to a fault ."	1
118 minutes ; not rated ( though i suspect it would be rated pg for adult themes and language )	1
"roars along , never stops for breath , and frequently hilarious ."	1
"with the rise of labors , however , has come a new menace--labor crime ."	1
"humbert exists in a fantsy world of his obsessions and desires , and this reflects the way the entire film has been designed ."	1
"despair is perhaps the greatest sin , and she will wallow in her guilt throughout eternity ."	1
"hogarth hughes ( voice of eli marienthal ) is a spirited young lad who lives with his hard-working single mother , annie ( jennifer aniston ) , in a small town in maine ."	1
"living under the floorboards is a family of borrowers , 4 inch tall people who make their living as scavengers from the human "" beans "" above ."	1
"with the use of ironic soundtrack , manipulative shots , character's dialogue or narrator's commentary , goodfellas represents the new standards of black humour that would became very popular few years later during tarantino era ."	1
"he is the oldest of three children , and his father is a cellular phone salesman while his mom runs a gymnastics studio ."	1
"it's interesting that , in a subtle way , his parents never noticed him missing because of their deliberate desire to separate themselves from their children ."	1
"the first austin powers film had barely any sentimental quality , such as lack of character development , barely any detailed plot characteristics , and barely any good acting , but austin powers tswsm actually shows some quality behind the frequent humor ."	1
"kudos also goes to the voice of god , who instead of booming and bombastic is quiet and subdued ."	1
she has been so upset since the incident .	1
"director brian robbins might be best remembered as the "" cool dude "" from the tv series "" head of the class "" ."	1
but the dude has got some tricks up his sleeve .	1
"unable to protect his boy in any other way , guido attempts to shield his young son from the horrors of the labor camp ."	1
"ingredients : down-on-his-luck evangelist , church"	1
"the surrealistic soap opera is completely plausible thanks to a tight screenplay and a sympathetic carrey-he really is an everyman here , abandoning his facial contortions in favour of a credible , wide-eyed bewilderment ."	1
"again , the storyline is as cliched as they come ."	1
blade runs up against the evil deacon frost ( stephen dorff ) a maverick in the vampire community .	1
""" fun "" is a noun , and therefore cannot be conjugated like an adjective ."	1
"the film starts out with a creepy opening sequence to which has the now classic and creepy score by writer/director/producer john carpenter who in my mind is a brilliant director , he really is ."	1
"yet , due to glenn close's troubled and brutally honest performance as sunny von bulow , the use of her comatose body as a narrator works here fairly well ."	1
"in a commanding performance , mr . carrey lends our protagonist an inherent sense of decency and integrity which makes him a genuinely engaging presence , and acquits himself impressively in this dramatic turn , demonstrating admirable restraint -- there's an early scene where he's down on his knees gardening , and given his past track record , one almost instinctively anticipates mr . carrey to pull one of more infamous , and in this case , wholly inappropriate sight gags ."	1
"yet , beyond his annoying mannerisms , he's a lovable oaf ."	1
"acting is another factor that raises "" session 9 "" above the usual dreck presented in recent horror hits like "" scream , "" "" i know what you did last summer "" and their sequels ."	1
"yet , the trademark of this film are the actors who showed great talent , although most of them later sunk into anonymity ."	1
"when jack nicholson accepted his best actor oscar in march , walsh was one of the men to whom he credited his success ( the actors performed together in a few good men ) ."	1
"sliding doors is a charming , quirky , original , happy romance with a little 'philosophy of fate' thrown in ."	1
"perhaps , but when a science fiction film comes along that can mix humor and romance , effectively , into the warring races ."	1
"damon ? s acting overshadows the fact that the character is slightly unbelievable , his performance is truly extraordinary ."	1
"it proved that it didn't need to brag about it's cutting edge technology to really soar ( it's the least visually striking of the three computer animated films thus far , but is still the most satisfying ) , and created a perfect world of idiosyncratic delights and innocent fun ."	1
the only exceptions to that were : 1 ) a scene involving a van full of singing nuns and 2 ) any scene involving the old woman wrestling fan .	1
star wars : episode i - the phantom menace review	1
"i don't know what movie the critics saw , but it wasn't this one ."	1
"perhaps the best way to describe it is this : "" amistad "" is three four star films edited into one ."	1
"accepting so huge challenge , mel gibson run the risk of stain all his work of years , with a suppoosed failure , just to see recognized , by everyone , all his potentialities and , that way , to consolidate his position in hollywood ."	1
"begin with a classic 1960's television series , add a big budget and an a-list star in the lead role , and stir ."	1
"now , in species , we have a mundane retread of the andromeda plotline , derailed by a preoccupation with removing the clothes from the leading lady and further ruined by a mediocre attempt to emulate several recent horror films in terms of splatter , gore , and chases ."	1
"even worse , in the wake of federal trade commission hearings that blasted the industry for marketing violent and sexual movies to young people , the studio got a case of the heebie-jeebies and forced director john stockwell to re-shoot scenes and cut footage to "" tone things down . """	1
"since the film starts with camelot in near-ruin , and takes only an hour and a half to arrive at its inevitable conclusion , it doesn't carry the grand , tragic resonance of other arthurian films ."	1
"as this tender love story goes , if you do good things and have a clear conscience when you die , you ascend to a place of great peace and beauty ."	1
"of course , "" the hurricane "" works mainly as a fable , so digressions from the truth can be excused at least partially , but even dismissing such issues don't remove one fact : "" the hurricane "" is a highly flawed film ."	1
"but the soundtrack is most effective when it is used as ironic comment - almost pastoral , easy listening tunes make strong and very ironic contrast to the scenes of violence and bloodshed ."	1
"in recent years , there has been a trend in the field of fantasy : writers have been revisiting the fertile world of myth and fairy tale and reclaiming that world , investing it with new life and energy ."	1
"it is then revealed that sam , kelly , and suzie were all in on it together ."	1
i haven't even mentioned james horner's beautiful score .	1
"however , his plans of bringing the counterfeiter down meet one obstacle after another ."	1
"starring charlize theron , bill paxton , david paymer"	1
"for one thing , death-as-pitt falls in love with hopkins daughter , played by claire forlani ."	1
you have to give all of the main actors a healthy dose of credit for the work that they obviously put into the physical training for their roles in this film .	1
the aliens mix and match the memories of the city's population to see who will change and who will not .	1
"the film follows the couple and their vivacious friends during their last year at rydell high through song , dance and humour ."	1
"oh , and the special effects are first rate ."	1
"franken wrote all of the characters not just as cliches or stereotypes , but as sharply-drawn , real people ."	1
"frank's latest customers are a young couple , played by trini alvarado and peter dobson ."	1
"when cy wishes to know if spencer wants to mate with the object of his desire , michelle ( lauren eckstrom ) , his eyes open wide in revulsion ."	1
"the dvd release of the original international version of luc besson's 1995 masterpiece the professional , which is known as l ? on around the world , is a prime example of how a good film can become an instant classic as a director's cut ."	1
"the movie is paced well , but with a couple slow spots in the middle and towards the end ."	1
"in spawn , it was the "" living room hell "" conclusion at the end ."	1
also demonstrates a kind of charming restraint you don't often find in american films .	1
big daddy	1
you'll laugh . . . you'll	1
and the shadow of that earlier hit hangs over you've got mail like dried-up mistletoe .	1
"see it in a theater , rather than shrugging and waiting for it on video ."	1
"duvall makes it abundantly clear that sonny truly believes in what he says , although like all humans , he has weaknesses ."	1
"with his bags packed and his civilian clothes back on , johnny is ready to walk off base and catch the next flight home ."	1
"when you go to the movies as much as i do , you unfortunately end up seeing certain movie trailers one too many times ."	1
"miriam margoyles , a virtually unknown actress was astounding as juliet's nurse , even though she was never given a name ."	1
"in short , a sweet romantic comedy that has a lot of good laughs , particularly provided by spike ."	1
he steals religious icons from churches to build a chapel in a pup tent in his bedroom .	1
"around 70% of the characters , if not more , are computer generated in one form or another , and though the effects are seamless , the movie lacks soul ."	1
the camera slowly find particular window .	1
""" i know what you did last summer , "" the first high-profile slasher thriller to be released after 1996's "" scream , "" and written by the same screenwriter , kevin williamson , is a stylish , effective horror film that became 1997's biggest hit of the fall season ."	1
"the film is also a bit of a departure from popular vampire lore , with a vampire that can go out in broad daylight without disintegrating , doesn't sleep in a coffin ( but leaves one next to her computer ) , and sees religion as the `opium of the peoples' ( hence , immunity to crosses ) ."	1
"sadly , he doesn't get a chance to do much of it ."	1
"imagine this scenario : you and any of your family members are scudding through one of those long , excruciating cross-country car trips , far from the city and into the deserted rural routes ."	1
"good example of that ) , wesley snipes dazzles the audience with some incredible fight scenes ."	1
so i was pleasantly surprised that to find that this movie wasn't bad at all .	1
"kelly's mother , sandra ( theresa russell ) , immediately presses charges ."	1
"revenue comes instead from product placement , a staple of contemporary hollywood , with truman's friends and relatives describing their consumer items in cheerful and optimistic tones ."	1
"incidentally , this is the first time that mamet has decided to adapt someone else's work ; namely a play by terrence rattigan , set in the 19th century ."	1
""" the wrong trousers , "" for example , pulled out a lot of old hitchcockian suspense tricks , and "" a close shave "" owed a great deal of inspiration to classic detective stories ."	1
the answer is not an easy one .	1
""" it's not good to know too much about someone , charlie , "" charles warns his niece , charlie ( margaret welsh ) , with a devilish grin ."	1
"active since the 1960's , morricone has scored over 100 films in his career and this must rate as one of his finest efforts ."	1
has a fully developed and very personal sense of wonder about it .	1
van sant rightly keeps the focus of this movie on the amoral suzanne and doesn't stop to proselytize the audience about the rightness or wrongness of her actions .	1
earth' idea revamped !	1
"it is a responsibility which he capably delegates to the other guards on his watch by insisting they "" talk to "" the convicts instead of yelling at them ."	1
"billions of human beings lie in this dormant state while the intelligence -- the matrix -- "" farms "" our life energy ."	1
"some children may find the jester to be a little frightening , but otherwise the segment is well made ."	1
"de niro is a brilliant actor , but a character who hardly ever speaks doesn't need a de niro to play him ."	1
"when it comes to recent caper films ( like the grifters and bound ) , jackie brown is a second-tier effort ."	1
"director tom shadyac ( liar liar ) leads us in and out of patch's life in a sound , intentional manner ; combined with williams' presence on screen , the movie rarely becomes boring ."	1
it's gonna be one more challenge for mel gibson .	1
"in an attempt to steer this brilliant young mind in the right direction , an mit math professor ( stellan skarsgard ) taps his old college friend , community college psychologist sean mcguire ( robin williams ) , to counsel the abrasive , standoffish will and try to help him come to terms with his turbulent life ."	1
"the setup for my best friend's wedding , then , is a fairly conventional one , and in many ways the film's storyline is formulaic - but only to a certain extent : the film was directed by p . j . hogan , whose first feature , muriel's wedding , had quite an offbeat tone for a traditional uplifting ugly-duckling story , and the same holds true for my best friend's wedding , which confidently combines traditional romantic-comedy elements with a really eccentric sense of humour ."	1
"as a combination of clever sociological study , black humour and innovative filmmaking goodfellas became something only the truly great films could do - work of art and excellent popular entertainment in the same time ."	1
"however , that very same act of violence is what brings sonny to bayou boutte , where he finds people whom he desperately needs and who desperately need him ."	1
"however , with all the mindless science fiction films out there , it is nice to have a film which doesn't talk down to its audience ( i especially like the ironic title and how it consists of the four letters which make up the genetic coding : g , t , c , and a ) ."	1
"not superb by any means , but far above some of his other films ( think judge dredd again ) ."	1
"mathilda learns of l ? on's hit man profession and decides to follow in l ? on's footsteps as a "" cleaner . """	1
"but when they start talking to bob , whom they forced to act as the bartender , they are surprised to learn that fuller did indeed come but was wearing another man's name tag and that bob spent the entire evening consoling the tycoon over his recently deceased dog and then talking to him about jesus ."	1
"finally , kim dickens ( 2000's "" hollow man "" ) makes her usual strong impression as annie's spicy best friend , linda ."	1
as the third act rolls around the satirical nature becomes more concerned with the situations and less so with the big picture .	1
"i hate to burst your bubble , but after all the star power , mega bucks , screenwriters , directors , and cool trailers , men in black is not the best movie of the summer ."	1
"dreamworks pictures presents a jinks/ cohen company production kevin spacey annette bening "" american beauty "" thora birch allison janney peter gallagher mena suvari wes bentley and chris cooper co-producers stan wlodkowski alan ball music by thomas newman costume designer julie weiss film editor tariq anway chris greenbury production designer naomi shohan director of photography conrad l . hall , a . s . c ."	1
"wearing more futuristic outfits of the same 1930's style , the similarities between these two are countless ."	1
"there isn't enough depth to pull the viewer in all the way , and many of the personalities and relationships feel half- formed , like a quilt with patches missing ."	1
"jackie is sent by the un to retrieve a cache of lost nazi gold in the north african desert , and is chased by a horde of neo-nazi sympathizers and two stereotypical arabs ( one of the things i like about jackie chan movies : no political correctness ) ."	1
"but smith realizes that times have changed , and he doesn't want his creations to overstay their welcome ."	1
this movie was one of the first american films done by director paul verhoeven .	1
"razor blade smile literally goes for the throat , then pumps the wound full of processed cheese ."	1
just see it .	1
"his humor is of a kind that is not very prevalent in movies today , inundated as we are with films which revel in their aim toward the lowest common denominator ."	1
didn't the action figures still sell like hotcakes ?	1
that's why la confidential stands as the best movie of the year .	1
"kel mitchell and geoffrey rush , were both utterly useless ."	1
it'll be interesting to see if it will appeal to mainstream audiences as well .	1
"still , this movie is one that will please many viewers ."	1
the sunshine is exceptionally warm and abundant .	1
the other was _the thirteenth floor_ .	1
"every morning , these two email each other silly , and every day , they fight "" to the death ! ! "" ."	1
the film starts off with five friends leaving their homes in los angeles for a bachelor party in las vegas .	1
"it reveals several scenes from the ending moments ( which yes , like in the book , it is a downer ) , several plot developments , and much of the beginning ."	1
"with the passage of a few hours i tempered my enthusiasm and started pondering the question of whether a masterpiece must implicitly be a "" great "" piece of work and viceversa ."	1
"crouching tiger , hidden dragon fits comfortably in that category ."	1
you can guess which one she falls for .	1
"oshii was the director of last year's best-known japanese animated film import , _ghost in the shell_ , and is known among fans of japanese animation , or anime , for making films with a deep philosophical bent ."	1
he addresses the lane with intense seriousness and one painted fingernail .	1
is this problem the kisses to the past ?	1
another great thing about the film was the performance of harold perrineau as romeo's best friend .	1
"in the wedding singer , sandler is right on track ."	1
there is nothing in film that has ever been recorded that will prepare you for the sheer onslaught of terrorizing violence in the film's first 20 minutes .	1
mainly because you know how it will end before the opening credits even roll .	1
i don't think it's that big of a deal that the federation wanted to move 600 ba'ku in order to save the lives of thousands .	1
"well , it would seem that he has succeeded ."	1
"as anthony explains it , the simple case has only 3 possibilities : mr . paradine poisoned himself , mrs . paradine did it , or the valet did it ."	1
"that thing you do ! , from first-time film director tom hanks , is an enjoyable tale about a fictional band , the wonders , that goes from a garage band to the band with the fastest selling album in the country ."	1
it features two previously unreleased scenes and the original film restored how it was originally meant to be seen .	1
"i really expected gene hackman , roddy mcdowell and ernest borgnine to appear at any minute -- i wasn't sure if i was watching daylight or the poseidon adventure ."	1
it's difficult to convey the sense of wild and zany fun without describing every little detail .	1
"and most of all , the grandmother wants to know if she has "" protection ? """	1
the goal is to gather as many clues as possible to figure that out and along the way overcome a conflict .	1
"ralph fiennes is the title character , an amnesiac burn victim whose gradual return to memory , and particularly the memory of love , is the ostensible focus of the film ."	1
bring it on .	1
"with the sudden liberal emergence of personal privacy abounding in the news lately , what with that whole clinton thing going on ( you know , 100 million bucks to discover the president got boinked by an intern - oh , please , government , waste my taxes just a bit more , would you ? ) ,"	1
"still , we do care about max's fate ."	1
"joe , now motherless as well as fatherless , feels the need to find out who his real father is ."	1
"the dog is discovered by alex and her in a deplorable state after geoffrey is seen by them electrically shocking it , and mercifully the dog dies ."	1
"martin scorsese once described the movies as a dream state -- like taking dope , and immersing yourself in an alternative world ."	1
"the series would falter if bogged down with too much plot , too many themes , and too much characterization ."	1
"while the film could be transposed directly to the stage more or less intact , it doesn't feel constricted ; the expansive apartment setting is well-used to vary the background , and mr . toback allows his camera to wander and linger on his characters in an effective manner ."	1
"the two men , despite their friendship , instantly clash ."	1
"but while lee's more traditionally story-driven film resulted in radical changes for all concerned , "" the vertical ray of the sun's "" characters strive for peaceful harmony ."	1
"seen july 8 , 1998 at the crossgates cinema 18 , ( albany , ny ) , theater #7 , at 8 : 15 p . m . with my mom using hoyts cinema cash ."	1
"there a few too many explosions in "" tomorrow never dies "" , perhaps so many they qualify as dialogue ."	1
"one of the funniest scenes in the film is an imitation of the famous terrace scene from the play ; in the movie , shakespeare is bumbling about while viola is trying to fend off her nurse maid ."	1
"in short , rudolph has created a world that it's worth spending two hours in ."	1
"no matter how popular you were once , as your generation grows older , newer breeds look at you in a different light ."	1
"moreover , two bodyguards ( nicky katt and taye diggs ) constantly escort her ."	1
he'll be around for a while .	1
""" slacker "" is a good film and a wonderfully offbeat and entertaining comedy , whatever its flaws , and its status as a cult classic is well-deserved ."	1
"he has experience in tantalizing his audience with information and visions , but not giving away too much too soon ."	1
( title ) . . .	1
"he refuses to acknowledge tarzan ( voiced by alex d . linz during the childhood scenes ) as a son and often has to hold himself back from killing tarzan after he continually does dangerous , wild things that are the result of his own childish instincts ."	1
"one , annie , is sent to live with the mother ( natasha richardson , resembling her mother , vanessa redgrave , more than i had ever noticed ) in london , where she lives with her parents and her devoted , foppish butler ( simon kunz ) , as she works as a swingin' fashion designer ."	1
"jerome morrow ( jude law ) agrees to give vincent all the proper identification tools ( urine , blood , skin and hair samples , etc . ) that he will need to get past gattaca's tight security ."	1
"all of the technical aspects , as well as the acting and directing aspects are very well done ."	1
"in both films , the world of quickie low-budget filmmaking is explored , and both jack horner and the version of ed wood by tim burton , scott alexander , and larry karaszewski share similar mindsets -- jack's retort of "" there are shadows in light , baby "" to his cinematographer's complaint about poor set lighting echoes back to ed wood's "" it's not about the little details , it's about the big picture ! """	1
"since their film debut in 1984 with the tightly wrought texas thriller "" blood simple , "" joel and ethan coen have been one of the most eclectic , original , and downright fascinating creative teams in modern hollywood ."	1
"now he spends his time getting robbed by hookers and trying desperatly to pick up women , not so much for the sex , but for the company ; for someone to talk to or spend time with ."	1
the last sequence was perfect and managed to go even further over-the-top .	1
but he's a mathematical genius with a photographic memory and the ability to conceive simple solutions to complex problems .	1
"it is an incredibly successful comedy , the ratio of laughs to intended jokes much higher than in most films ."	1
"one young disciple , ford lincoln mercury ( larenz tate ) , organizes a full-scale postal service ."	1
"rather , he is ending it with her ."	1
"but the real draw of the film is the submerged humanity of two key players as "" the deep end "" gradually reveals the melodramatic core beneath its ironic candy coating ."	1
there is a lot more gore in alien 3 .	1
the only way to overlook the fact that travolta and cage fire around 5671 rounds at each other . . . . and	1
other plot elements are thrown in for good measure .	1
"coyle's best friend is dillon ( boyle ) , a hit man for the mob , working as a bartender ."	1
"when they first meet , abby asks him to father her child because her husband is sterile ."	1
"on board the ship , rose , unhappy and restless meets jack ( leonardo dicaprio ) - a young american artist , poor , brave and attractive ."	1
there are no acrobatic back flips and shiny super guns in his arsenal .	1
"before you know it , an unfortunate set of circumstances put the baby in the hands of kala ( glenn close ) , a mother ape who recently lost her own baby to a predatory leopard ."	1
"life was a great move on the part of murphy and co-star martin lawrence , because it's a great showcase for both actors that never resorts to slap-sticky drivel ."	1
such a stance was perhaps the central paradox and misguided practice of the arms race .	1
"well the ending is kinda scary , but in most horror/comedies they are ."	1
"the clear standout of the cast , however , is harry lennix as aaron , a moor who is tamora's secret lover and a schemer in his own right ."	1
"in an advanced state of putrefaction ) , she laughs when handed a bagged watch , insisting that this is not her husband ."	1
"while the "" first "" star wars trilogy told the story of jedi knight luke skywalker , the prequels backpedal to tell the back-story of obi wan kenobi and a young jedi named anakin skywalker ( who would become the father of luke and eventually become darth vader ) ."	1
"the points are well taken , but they should have been unnecessary ."	1
"was it really only forty years ago , when sputnik was launched , and that before then , no satellites ever existed ?"	1
oh well .	1
"the courtroom debates are great , but the actual problem they are fighting for is never fully explored ."	1
"anyway , when i answered "" john cusack "" , she replied with a rather stunned "" who ? "" , as if it was unreasonable for her to know whom i was referring to ."	1
the first commentary track features director rob minkoff and animation supervisor henry anderson .	1
"the story may be candy-coated , but it's still delicious candy ."	1
the camera is almost always looking over the shoulder of our heroes so we feel as if we are right there with them when they open a door or climb a hill .	1
"honest , it is ."	1
"word has it that a special edition dvd with boatloads of extras ( hours of deleted scenes , alternate endings , commentary , the sci-fi channel special , and others ) is being planned for release ."	1
the laughter practically killed out the next scene for one of the best ones in the movie ( something to do with hair gel ) .	1
"but , mel isn't dead ( it would be a real short movie if he was ) and he certainly isn't happy ."	1
just a theory . . .	1
"i think perhaps he took this role to prove to the public that he was more than just a "" nice guy "" ."	1
- it does not get dark .	1
"this is the end of an era for them , a movie which has kept them up nights searching for clues on the internet , talking and tossing around rumors with their equally enthused buddies , and , for kids under 17 , those elaborate plots consisting of buying a ticket to one movie and hopping into "" scream "" while narrowly escaping those menacing ushers who are only a year or two older than themselves ."	1
"yes , the man who brought us billy madison and happy gilmore was able to bring sincere tears to my eyes ."	1
"the chaotic and mtv-type cutting gives the audience a sense of confusion and unawareness , exactly what judd's character is experiencing ."	1
president martin van buren ( nigel hawthorne ) is willing to force the result towards his own political ends .	1
"now let me clarify , i don't love just any cop movie ; i'm not too keen on the smug buddy cop flicks that were so in vogue in the 80's and now slowly ( gulp ) returning thanks to jackie chan and chris tucker ."	1
one of the set pieces even aids in the destruction of the alien ( nothing surprising there ) .	1
the film depicts a vicious vampire killer that	1
"his character would be a joke if he wasn't so chillingly real- all of us have worked with a chad , and some of us may be him ."	1
"and also how it brushed that fear off with a smooth stroke , and pointed out that even in the most fucked-up of situations , things could always work out if you , well , manipulate things a bit , at least for the better ."	1
"director mabel cheung ( an autumn's tale , the soong sisters ) sees clearly what it is like to have lived half of your life in one country and half in a country on the other side of the world--what it is like to no longer have a place to call home ."	1
"this is director/writer willard carroll second real foray into the world of "" adult films "" ."	1
"however , the butcher boy's power is undeniable , and the film as a whole is unforgettable--perhaps because it is so disturbing ."	1
kevin bacon oozes charisma in an early role .	1
"how much longer can the works of peckinpah , fassbinder , fuller , castle , preminger , and lee be placed and forgotten in the wrong sections of the local blockbuster stores ?"	1
it's hard to give a plot summary without giving away pieces that shouldn't be known .	1
bruce barth's mellow piano plays in the background as conflict erupts in a little country town of florida .	1
"still , it cannot be denied that anne meredith's screenplay contains a wallop of emotional power ."	1
waiting for this movie ever since the end credits of return of the jedi started to roll .	1
"charmed beyond repair , these two knuckleheads grab a sundae together at a caf ? called serendipity , talk about that irresponsible thing called fate and the avenues it leads people down , and spend a few hours at the local ice skating rink ."	1
i just thought it was an interesting film with some pretty creepy parts .	1
his plotting is frequently hard to follow and always very strange .	1
wow ! what a cast .	1
"yes , more scarier than my seventh grade english teacher and even scarier than the bullies that constantly hounded me , trying to deal with my personal wonderment about sex was like trying to fight an invisible monster ."	1
no matter .	1
"rose goes out onto the ship's ledge , and we then learn a secret about her that catches us off guard ."	1
"earlier this year , the movie holy man opened to a meager box office receipt and to indifference from audiences and critics ."	1
now he's having a particularly difficult day .	1
"a friend of mine once reported that he avoided it because "" i was afraid it would just be really politically correct , and tick me off . """	1
oz is the big jock who decides that the way to score with the girls is to listen to them and to be more sensitive .	1
you are what you are . . for	1
"believing at first that his imagined nemesis stuyvesant , shooting evil rays into his mind from atop the chrysler building , is responsible for the murder , romulus ( samuel l . jackson ) is put on the trail of an avant-garde photographer in the mapplethorpe mould , david leppenraub ( colm feore ) ."	1
the last third of the film revolves around this attempt .	1
"in his most recent movie , bowfinger , martin plays yet another con man except this time he does it to succeed in the film industry ."	1
"it's been a good long while since we had a good old fashioned thriller , where mostly everything goes right for the audience and wrong for the characters , but it's been even longer since i saw a thriller that actually * shock * cared for the characters , not merely judged them but actually allowed their human foibles , flaws , and strengths to emerge so radiantly ."	1
just sit back and watch greg get into trouble .	1
"movies like "" halloween "" and "" psycho "" which revolutionized horror genre forever , but wait in 1973 came a movie based on the bestselling book by william peter blatty , entitled "" the exorcist "" , the movie opened to rave reviews , and scared audiences to death , now in the year 2000 "" the exorcist "" comes back to the big screen in a version you've never seen complete with six channel digital surround sound , and fifteen minutes of new footage never before seen as long as a new ending ."	1
an adult adopted son is looking for his biological parents and encounters eccentric characters along the way .	1
.	1
"oh yeah , if you get shot in the face , using a brightly decorated napkin to stop the bleeding just makes you look goofy ."	1
considering hurley was using relatively primitive photo technology in one of the world's harshest environments and captured so much on film is a feat unto itself .	1
"it's rather strange too have two computer animated talking ant movies come out in a single year , but that is what disney and pixar animation ; s latest film represents ."	1
"jim plays the adult version of joe and does a impressive job starting the film off , and then tying it up just right ."	1
"the aforementioned `ute' indian tribe that packer's group encounters is a definite highlight , as are two rousing musical numbers about snowmen ( one of which ends on a comedically deadly note ) ."	1
the context the film uses suggests that this hatred was often glib .	1
"the funeral is also good , although not as funny as the later films ."	1
"because of its primitive and predictable plot , titanic is totally depending on the visuals that truly are breathtaking ."	1
the performances are absolutely breathtaking .	1
the two families spend a month slowly learning about each other .	1
"the sweet hereafter could serve as a textbook example of the difference between television movies and "" real "" movies ."	1
verisimilitude really goes out the window at that point .	1
"someone else probably could have directed , but since he was there anyway , what the heck ."	1
he and five of his men leave the island in an open boat to make the 800 mile journey on the world's roughest sea to get help from the nearest inhabited island of south georgia .	1
the tragedy of it all .	1
"it begins with whale ( a fairly talented artist , aside from being a director ) asking boone to "" sit for him , "" ( pose for a portrait ) ."	1
"verhoeven stages some thrilling action sequences , sending swarms of bugs after the anonymous grunts then having various body parts strewn about the screen like landscaping ."	1
it is clear that he is torn between the nielson ratings and truman's well being .	1
"probably not a film for everyone , but definitely for those who enjoy the guns , the charismatic bad guys and a fun , if entirely disposable , adventure ."	1
"patrick renna , who played gugino's little brother , was a little annoying , but no where as near as macaulay culkin , and for only part of the time , so i can forgive him ."	1
"pitch black deviates from the standard sci-fi fare by avoiding some of the stock "" escape the boogieman "" conflicts the genre typically serves up ."	1
he's a guy who spends virtually the entire running time of the movie bullshitting his way from one situation to another .	1
primary colors' chief problem is its length .	1
go right ahead .	1
it amazes me that reviewers argued this point at both extremes .	1
graham feels that he has been a disappointment to his parents .	1
"the action , at least what there is of it , is prime cut stuff ."	1
"as for the chase sequence , it was long , but not overly long , creating quite a bit of suspense from confusion ."	1
( a+ ) he is very strange in this film as well .	1
"in the big picture , this movie is just plain fun ."	1
"however , i think this time the mel gibson's work as director was much better than his work as actor ."	1
"on yet another hand , i also found it difficult to completely sympathize with francie during his more emotional scenes because some of his , for lack of a better word , "" bad "" deeds are so incredibly shocking in their brutality and the malicious glee in which he performs them ."	1
"the final act of the film , especially , comes right out of left field , and turns out to be both shocking and oddly touching , and it would be criminal to give away the film's secrets ."	1
"the irony is that although they visit so many grand and spectacular locations , their one time out in the big world away from their television , they are completely oblivious to it ."	1
the truman show is about a man ( jim carrey ) whose entire life has been engineered by a corporation and marketed to the public .	1
"of the countless horror films that have competed for a piece of the "" scream "" audience , "" final destination "" is the best so far ."	1
from the sure thing to say anything cusack has merged the talents of early tom hanks and early jack lemmon .	1
spoilers below :	1
"courtney love obviously has a great understanding for althea's situation , as she is brilliant in portraying althea in every respect ."	1
"a sequence where hogarth and mansley attempt to "" outlast "" one another by trying to stay awake is very nicely timed , and also extremely clever ."	1
"i wouldn't hold it high the way i do with mulan or the hunchback of notre dame ( my all-time favorite disney classics ) , but this film deserves a high place among disney's greatest achievements ."	1
"dimitri realizes that he can never win her love as he is a commoner , and meanwhile , rasputin is not dead , and plots his revenge against the last romanov ."	1
"the prince of egypt may be harder to market than antz , but it is much more satisfying ."	1
"when the sextet is complete , we're given a hefty dose of physical comedy ."	1
they give him an opportunity to openly parody scream -- an act that he accomplishes with great panache .	1
critique : very cool !	1
"in event horizon , it was the video of the event horizon crew being taken over by hell's forces ."	1
"the movie is exceptionally violent , bordering on gratuity ."	1
"the "" submarine "" genre of movies seems to be one of the most intriguing and compelling types of storytelling there is ."	1
"in his short time in louisiana , he does a world of good , and when the police finally show up to take him away , he goes quietly , knowing that he deserves the punishment that is awaiting him ."	1
"you're given a sword and a shield and very basic , minimal training ."	1
"while boiler room writer/director ben younger does not get his point across as well as david fincher does for fight club , he does contribute another impressive work to a series of films aiming to represent the new generation ."	1
"this is the sort of modernity that made us ill--we sickened in lazy peace , cowardly compromise , the whole virtuous dirtiness of the modern yea and nay ."	1
"then there is the jay gatsby dream that a man of humble stock , with perseverance , can make a fortune in the big city ."	1
now don't go thinking from the previous comments about brilliant acting that this is a drama focused movie - it's not .	1
"( "" nice twist , "" quips the killer ."	1
"there's a basement , a lodge with elk heads on the wall , a goulash joint - these are the kinds of locales in which director john dahl sets his shots ."	1
can he believe the waitress he bumped into ?	1
"also very good is radha mitchell as syd , who previously starred in the slight 1997 australian comedy , "" love and other catastrophes , "" wh caught me by surprise with her performance ."	1
"the dramatic comedy cousins has all the necessary ingredients : a witty and whimsical script , inspired performances , a great sense of humor , a large and wonderful cast , and the beautiful scenery of vancouver ."	1
"months before the movies were released , fans were making comparisons ."	1
the mind of mike myers is obviously a very bizarre place .	1
"once arriving in the year 1967 , austin travels to his "" pad "" , his smashing home/dance club , where he meets felicity shagwell , played by heather graham , a cia agent who is willing to help him in his journey to stop dr . evil ."	1
"but fear not , duchovny and another man later on provide more than adequate background info on what is going on ."	1
"hollywood has given audiences plenty of thrills with those alien films , but what was usually lacking was a good story . . ."	1
where's joblo coming from ?	1
we like these guys for the sole reason that the film doesn't automatically judge them as the villains .	1
robin schiff's script keeps the show moving with some nice one-liners .	1
he secretly is told by his commanding officer to find furtwangler guilty .	1
"on the other hand , the musical score by james horner employs too much of modern-day instruments for period piece set in medieval times ."	1
"kaufman left room for female talents to excel too - barbara hershey , pamela reed , veronica cartwright and mary jo deschanel are great as pilots' wives ."	1
"don't play well anymore ( she's a bit old ) , and whose cleavage looks like someone botched a tracheotomy too low down ."	1
"these are the essential words of mikey carver ( elijah wood ) , a young teenage boy living in 1973 new canaan , connecticut in the ice storm ."	1
"spielberg digs farther into the evils of slavery than i was expecting he would , and in fact he probably goes about as far as a movie director can without getting an nc-17 rating ."	1
meanwhile woody discovers the reason he was kidnapped .	1
"sara declares that if this "" thing "" -- let's just call it love -- is destined to happen , fate will bring them together in the future ."	1
( why the u . s . is always exclusively saddled with these problems is never fully investigated . )	1
"the performances in the film are all top notch , with fine turns by takeshi kaneshiro as ma wing jing and jessica hester and valerie chow ."	1
"together they face all sorts of sexual allegations , the irritatingly discourteous media and other witty politicians in the election race ."	1
perhaps its the way he asked for a night light because he is frightened of the dark .	1
"however , diaz pulls the role off with such panache and charm , that you can still see why she's got guys just falling over each other to be with her ."	1
i always picture these guys getting together and producing a movie between arm-wrestling matches .	1
"all done in a comic fashion , of course ."	1
"there are concentration camps and unlawful interments , all in the name of the "" greater good . """	1
"back on earth , patrick begins to have strong urges to mate with as many women as possible ."	1
"the overdose of humor turns what could have been a powerfully great film into a good , but schizophrenic experience ."	1
everything is ordinary--yet beautiful--in this film .	1
"a taut drama laced with strong and subtle acting , an intelligent script , and masterful directing , together it delivers something virtually unheard of in the film industry these days , genuine motivation in a story that rings true ."	1
"the main flaw in this film , which prevents it from earning four stars , is that it seems like spielberg and franzoni can't quite handle all of these issues at the same time , so instead they settle for addressing each one separately and simply editing the results into the same movie ."	1
"i would say that gods and monsters is the film that gave him a name , and now the mummy will give him a name amongst teens ."	1
"like the original , this film transcends all the crap that it very well could be ( case in point : "" it takes two "" starring the olsen twins ) because it treats the children as the smart ones , and the adults as the silly ones , not the other way around ."	1
"as his mom gets in deeper and deeper trying to cover up a crime he didn't commit , beau becomes suspicious of her actions and apparent new companion , turning tables ."	1
"fincher apparently loves to use close-ups of actors' faces ( michael douglas and the clown face-off in the game in the same style ) , and by shaving off the actors' hair , the only thing we have to look at is their faces ."	1
"during this confused stage of his life in which the movie focuses on , rob is trying to cope with numerous rejections over the years by visiting past girlfriends and eventually asking why they dumped him ."	1
"clooney and cohort ving rhames plan the score , while protection artist and fight promoter don cheadle begins rival plans ."	1
together they plan to steal a priceless historic artifact from the montreal customs house .	1
"freeman , as hoke , on the other hand , gives the more distinctive of the two performances ."	1
"the incredibly pale , red-headed scottish actress swinton immerses herself into the role of the reserved american super-mom whose life revolves around serving the needs of her three children and live-in father-in-law jack ( peter donat , "" the game "" ) ."	1
barbatus also has a touching but rather gruesome scene as he has his final words with z without a body .	1
"the story twists and turns just enough so that the question of whether or not the princess is really a princess is always in some doubt , without becoming gimmicky ."	1
one example stands out in my mind : the coated figures who haunt the city can attack telekinetically .	1
"each has made well over $100 million in north america , based on a combination of strong word of mouth and clever advertising ."	1
lean seems rather fascinated by the military hierarchies .	1
"gene hackman is superb as the gruff-talking general , almost doing another take on his crimson tide persona ."	1
"while mr . downey jr . 's showstopping performance is undoubtedly the primary strength of the film , both actresses are solid in more broadly-observed roles ."	1
"that's enough for arthur , who , with his oldest daughter ( rebecca pidgeon ) , immediately starts a crusade to bring his son's case to court ."	1
"the target age for the movie is the 18-24 range , and that's who should see it ."	1
"it's certainly one of the most powerful and memorable films i've ever seen , but i don't think it quite ranks as one of my all-time favourites ."	1
"set in an era before glasnost , the movie revolves around a top-secret soviet submarine , called the red october ."	1
"camille paglia enthusiasts will no doubt champion this heart-felt tale of the title character bubbles galore ( nina hartley ) , a porn-actress-turned-porn-producer who faces an uphill battle in her quest for sexual and economic independence ."	1
it's a terrific performance .	1
"the previews were so annoying that i predicted this was going to be the worst film of the year , or at least in the running ."	1
"but then , in an effort to spite the two candidates , tammy announces that she is running as well ."	1
"it remains a solid comedy throughout its entirety , yet we're still allowed a sappily touching ending ."	1
i know a chef in santa fe that does this sort of magic ; he combines asian culinary influences from the west coast with latin american from down south and european from the atlantic to concoct new creations that hit just the right combination of flavors .	1
"this suspicion was confirmed by besson himself , who told me in the lobby following the screening ( imagine that , the filmmaker watching the film with the "" enemy "" --the critics ) that what had made it to the screen was really just the first half of the lengthy original fifth element screenplay and that the second half--now titled mr . shadow--is still waiting to be made ."	1
"rush is absolutely incredible as javert ; i don't remember ever feeling so strongly about a villain as i do here ; he adds depth and complexity with subtle glances and nuances , and effortlessly makes each of his scenes intense ."	1
he comes across a giant robot ( vin diesel ) from space that eats metal for food .	1
"even without the college element , i still decided to watch roommates because i had absolutely nothing to do , unless you count studying for final exams ( and who does ? ) ."	1
"there are other parallels - the star of curdled is angela jones ( the top billing goes to william baldwin , but really , jones is the central character ) , who's probably best known for her role as esmerelda villalobos , the death-obssessed taxi driver in pulp fiction ."	1
none of these three performers are given much to do unfortunately .	1
"( will shakespeare of the 1590's would've been married to anne hathaway , and he would've had a teenage daughter and two young sons ; here he is a bachelor played by joseph fiennes . ) will is a writer struggling to come up with a great play , and his current comedy in the works -- "" romeo and ethel , the pirate's daughter "" -- just doesn't quite seem right ."	1
she dispenses with hit men as easily as she out-maneuvers sleazy pick-up artists in a bar .	1
"however , the over-the-top scenes never quite gel with the rest of the film , and they aren't funny enough to stand on their own ."	1
"she is a strong storyteller and a master visual stylist , the latter compliment encompassing all areas , makeup and costume choices as well as those in the editing and photography departments ."	1
"what she did not know was that it would follow her there , and remain with her long after the physical threat had vanished ."	1
"the film appears a bit disjointed in places , which is understandable considering producer / star gibson wasn't thrilled with how the film turned out and wanted parts of it re-shot ."	1
"so josephine ( curtis ) and daphne ( lemmon ) , make their way onto the train and go to florida ."	1
"getting back to the point , my philosophy on comparing films being fair works because we're reflecting what the public wants to know anyway ."	1
the answer to that one is easy : to celebrate the movie's 20th anniversary and to make more bucks for paramount's coffers because john travolta is once again a hot commodity .	1
"that he does , and in doing so breaks his parole , which sets the obsessively determined inspector javert ( geoffrey rush ) , who was one of the guards in valjean's prison camp , on his trail ."	1
"meanwhile , there's jennifer lopez ."	1
"as depicted by hoblit ( primal fear ) and cinematographer newton thomas sigel , philadelphia is a dark , dreary place ? a gothic city rather than a modern one ."	1
"apocalypse now follows the mission captain benjamin l . willard , played by martin sheen , to seek out and eliminate colonel walter e . kurtz , a green beret who is thought to have gone insane and set up his own militant base in cambodia ."	1
"we meet rose ( kate winslet ) , a young woman , who comes from an upper-class family ."	1
"the summer of raunch continues to spread into theatres with this latest yuk fest , filled with sick jokes and teen dialogue aplenty ."	1
when unbreakable revealed its own ending .	1
"dicaprio is perfect to the last twitch and squeal , and anyone who has ever spent time with mentally challenged kids will be hard-pressed to spot a flaw ."	1
bacon does a good job acting all determined and stuff as a sex crimes officer .	1
semen is a symbol for great potential and things to come .	1
"the film opens with the douglas character getting ready to go home to his wife , but through a series of events , he never quite makes it there ."	1
"so , i prepared for this film by watching a moving interview on "" hard copy "" with pam smart , the new hampshire media teacher who was convicted of engineering the death of her husband back in the 1980's ."	1
the same can be said for the rest of the movie : it's intelligent but delivered in a sophomoric manner ( i . e .	1
"ny152 happens to be joe fox ( hanks ) , a multimillionaire bookseller who is the heir to the fortune of the fox chain of mega-bookstores , run by his father ( coleman ) ."	1
they interact with each other with a skill that few other ensemble casts can muster .	1
"what the character feels is not jealousy but remorse , embarrassment , even , at having let her go ."	1
"one scene features a dinner between derek's family , and his mother's newest boyfriend ( played with reserve by eliott gould ) , a jewish liberal who quietly disagrees with derek's rightist views , launching the scene into a fit of rage and anger that builds unparalled emotions in the audience ( gould's reaction to derek's final summation is unnerrving ) ."	1
"cuba gooding jr . performs with a hyped-up level of energy which contrasts nicely with that of kinnear , and comes through with a near constant comic performance ."	1
"denise richards also does a good job , and her scenes are very well done ."	1
"given the mischievous nature of the devil , "" bedazzled "" has many amusing moments ."	1
"that subplot obviously exists to get us rooting for the quinn-robin pairing , and while it makes for a few good laughs early on , it eventually becomes a contrived distraction from the far more engrossing misadventures of quinn and robin ."	1
"part detectives , part scalawags , they have to stay alert to the changing circumstances they face as the story unfolds ."	1
""" amistad "" succeeds at least partly with all three of these elements ."	1
i left the picture thinking about what i would do faced with the cuban missile crisis .	1
"the gangsters mike plays against are the same ones that might kill someone for scratching their car , but when it comes to the game of poker , all respect is due to the winner because he is truly the better man ."	1
"she explains to marty's new fiancee , lesly ( tori spelling ) , soon after their first meeting that jackie-o was holding marty's private part when she came out of the womb ."	1
"she is allowed to read all the books she wants , she is given the opportunity to publish her poetry , and she has the richest and most powerful men in the republic throwing themselves at her feet , including the awestruck marco ."	1
"they're both married , but his relationship has curdled into an embittered separation ."	1
"along with imhotep arising from the dead , the ten curses of egypt become in full effect , launching unbelievable forces against the three and another group who set out to find hamunaptra ."	1
"jim carrey playes a high-powered lawyer , to whom lying is as natural as breathing ."	1
"the enterprise crew , led by captain picard , investigates data's actions and uncovers a conspiracy between the son'a and an enterprise admiral to relocate the ba'ku and plunder the planet's youth-restoring properties ."	1
"in the sequel the technical aspect of the film is close to perfection , creating a completely different atmosphere ."	1
"he has much to learn , and will do anything to seek out this kind of knowledge ."	1
"carter's second term in prison seemed almost inevitable when faced off against jealous , powerful white men who refused to let him succeed ."	1
"almost immediately , an arrest is made ."	1
"his suspicion aroused , he wanders around the town square looking for other oddities ."	1
"an accurate portrayal of flynt would have made a more difficult film to watch , but a richer one ."	1
"superb acting . , wonderful storytelling and one of the best climaxing gunfights ever ."	1
"crying as they do so , the family finishes the meal ."	1
"obviously , the film's creator and star ben stiller asked a similar question when crafting a feature-length movie out of his hilarious vh1/vogue fashion awards short-film subject : can there be more to this film than being really really really silly ?"	1
"he's stuck in a boring job with eight different supervisors , all obsessed with administrative trivialities ."	1
"this ship was built to be the largest ship in the world , and she was ."	1
"in general , however , field of dreams is an emotionally satisfying fantasy--one i can recommend to everyone but unromantic cynics ."	1
"the casting is likewise good , involving some of the most famous and beautiful stars of hollywood , ireland and spain ."	1
"there is really no need to compare a multi-million dollar blockbuster such as star wars : episode i ? the phantom menace or tarzan , or even the iron giant with a tender , sweet little family movie ."	1
his obvious inadequacy in giving advice to troubled travis illustrates the inability of pre-1960s generations to find answers to the problems of gloomy decade .	1
he seems to really enjoy the people at weddings and treats them as though they were his own family .	1
dr . malcolm crowe ( willis ) is trying to help him .	1
"a great deal of the credit for the film's success can be given to the actors , especially branagh , who rarely works outside of period pieces and his own direction ."	1
the frequent sex is one of the film's few flaws as the titillation is overdone and at times completely unrelated to anything else going on in the film .	1
"next thing the cast knows , they are being dragged by nesmith to this spaceship ."	1
the thing that blew my socks off about this version of tarzan is the stunning animation .	1
"while chumming around with young fans and crowing 'you can't beat progress' ( his slogan ) , bill labels his family as worthless and embarrassments ."	1
"however , there is absolutely no pizzazz to the performances- they are straightforward and , at times , stale ."	1
"with a white suit , peach-colored shirt and tie , and dark sunglasses , sonny looks as much like a rock star as a preacher ."	1
"then again , it's a valiant effort ."	1
how exactly do you know what is real and what is in your mind ?	1
"dolores claiborne suffers from a very unsatisfying conclusion , and moves very slowly ."	1
let me open this one with a confession : i love cop movies .	1
"both actors , who have largely done serious works as of late , seem liberated by the lack of dramatic weight on their shoulders , and they deliver their zingers , as weak as they sometimes are , with beguiling abandon ."	1
the ending itself was just plain strange .	1
this film would definitely not have been as good with anyone else in this role .	1
"they start off electrifying and fresh , but just kinda stop ."	1
"john's purpose for staying with his mother is to learn , and we as the audience learn right along with him ."	1
there are plenty of memorable moments in `a christmas story' .	1
but that is forgivable .	1
"instead , cosette is sent to live with a cruel foster family which extorts money from fantine , and forces cosette into a life little better than a slave ."	1
"instead , they are both looking for someone meaningful , someone to settle down with , someone to grow old with ."	1
"after all , you can't have alien witnesses running around with that kind of knowledge can you ?"	1
gattaca begins in the 21st century .	1
"aside from this , you probably won't experience anything like aliens for quite a while ."	1
this is a fun little feature .	1
"however , since the fox network as been so kind as to air several key episodes for several weeks before the movie's opening weekend i took that opportunity to test the movie ."	1
"alien 3 has several , but most memorable is the terrific shot involving the alien and ripley ."	1
"he wants to direct a successful picture that will force people to remember his name , that will make him more popular at the parties , and , most importantly , that will cause fed ex to deliver important business packages to his front door ."	1
"the family is now stuck without money in a backward area trying to decide what to do next , as they hitch a ride away from there with a truck driver who nearly kills them when he falls asleep by the wheel ."	1
he is torn by the inner turmoil of not going to the police about the murder he witnessed and isabelle comforts him just as a sister would .	1
"muriel's wedding features a fine performance by toni collette and a charming , if a bit too straightforward and conventional story by p . j . hogan ."	1
"to paraphrase a passage from the song : though i try and try to forget that song it is just so hard to do every time they play "" that thing you do ! """	1
bird meets elderly friend .	1
"his remorse for his wife's comatose condition is nonexistant , and it is no wonder that even his children have difficulty accepting his version of what happened during christmas , 1980 ."	1
"just like his villain in "" speed "" , hopper is over the edge with cursing and screaming every chance he has to speak ."	1
tbwp is probably the single most profitable film ever .	1
""" you'll go ape over tarzan because it's more fun than a barrel of monkeys ! """	1
"originally rated nc-17 in the united states , black & white features a lot of sex between black gangstas and young white girls ."	1
hank's reaction is one of amusement .	1
the disc gives you the choice of either watching the film full frame or in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and enhanced for 16x9 televisions .	1
"i would dare to say it ranks as high as the scores for both "" titanic "" and "" rosewood "" as best of the year ."	1
"lulu ( lorraine pilkington ) , jip's best mate , is tired of her cheating boyfriends ."	1
"the film is presented in two different versions , the us theatrical version and the uk version which adds a musical number during the finale called "" superheroes "" ."	1
"finally , will lands in jail for one of his fights ."	1
"sethe is the one being haunted , but the ghost in the house is the least of her fears ."	1
"this tolerance and largeur of the heart that "" forgives "" everything because it "" understands "" everything is a sirocco to us ."	1
"jeff has a good job , a loving family , and most of all , a warm relationship with their mother beatrice ( debbie reynolds ) ."	1
""" beloved "" acts like an incredibly difficult chamber drama paired with a ghost story ."	1
"by april 13 , 2001 , kozmo was out of money and ceased operations ."	1
"the result : the usual suspects , one hell of a movie that redefines the word plot twist ."	1
"though giovanni does stop paolo from discussing andrea at a party with friends , there is never a sense that he or she is more stoic , or more correct in the search to restore a sense of a balance to their lives ."	1
"frankenheimer masters the script with poise , and tells us a dark but stoically realistic tale of a group of post-cold war mercenaries working to earn their paycheck ."	1
"the ending requires you to have believed anything that has happened previously , but if you suspend disbelief and take the film as it is , you can accept the game as an emotionally and psycholically disturbing thriller ."	1
"in his absence , he has assigned buzz lightyear ( tim allen ) , now comfortable in his role as a toy , to take charge ."	1
"but beyond being bad in a tasteless type way , south park : bigger , longer and uncut has many messages that are embedded inside it ."	1
nicole is a drunk apparently hell-bent on self-destruction .	1
american pie also wants to emulate the teen flicks your parents _would_ let you watch growing up .	1
enter rip torn as the slick lawyer who defends brooks in court against prosecutor lee grant .	1
"when people are in the water , at film's end , you are surrounded by the voices of lost soles ."	1
parents that are supportive and environments that are nurturing will yield children who will embrace the values and norms that can allow them to live healthy and productive lives .	1
duvall is magical in this role .	1
its heart is in the right place and it engages you .	1
"the sex scenes are graphic , especially the first one we see , between the mother and one of her deck hands ."	1
i'm not trying to say city of angels is that bad .	1
"maggie ( emma thompson ) is a successfuly publisher of self-help books , but looks like she needs them more than her customers , as she is lonely and unhappy ."	1
"sure , it's shallow , slick , sanitized portrait of a bygone age , and sure , we've seen the rags-to-riches story gazillions of times , but debut director and screenwriter mark christopher keeps things moving with lively snapshots of the studio 54 hustle and bustle and an even livelier cast to inhabit his bouncy vision ."	1
"however , despite the technological magic that makes his character possible , jar jar isn't completely convincing ."	1
"ok now get this , she is told to find two prophets : one who talks a lot and one who doesn't , however she gets jay and silent bob instead ( who give us great performances ) ."	1
"the next morning margaret discovers darby's dead body on their beach and , suspecting the worst , weights it down in a distant part of the lake ."	1
"steven spielberg's "" amistad , "" which is based on the true story of a group of africans who revolted on board a slave ship , then were captured and taken to america where a legal dispute ensued over who "" owned "" them , is concerned with several different aspects of this story ."	1
they probably wanted it to look more like a time to kill .	1
"after having heard so many critics describe "" return to me "" as an old-fashioned hollywood romance , i kept asking myself going into this movie : what exactly is an old-fashioned hollywood romance ?"	1
cool .	1
"in addition to the romantic aspects of the story , bubbles is being stalked and terrorized by her ex-boyfriend godfrey montana ( daniel macivor ) , a slimy porn mogul who wishes to make her life as miserable as he can possibly make it ."	1
"almost every individual scene works , but the final product is lacking the necessary focus and coherence , and thus is less than the sum of its parts ."	1
"also , there's some funny gags involving product placement and the people who watch the show ."	1
exotica keeps the viewer guessing about the relationship between the various characters in the film .	1
so easy in fact that they decide that every sunday their dinner guest would be someone who opposes of their views .	1
"it seems that a group of hackers is out to stop the system that is the matrix , led by the bald but brilliant laurence fishburne and assisted by carrie ann moss , who looks quite cool in leather , i must say ."	1
the summer movie season is always the biggest and brightest season for movies throughout the year .	1
"from this opening moment , one can infer shrek's defying of all expectations regarding it as a standard , disney-esque fairy tale ."	1
"he could have cut a deal and gotten off , if he turned his boss over to the d . a . , but he figured he would never live if he did that ."	1
"the horse whisperer has little to offer in the way of surprise , but it does have an honesty that is refreshing and consistently enjoyable to watch , especially in the final third of the story ."	1
"in "" butch cassidy and the sundance kid "" ( 1969 ) , he was the most dangerous shot in the west , yet he came off like a nothing more than a boyishly good-looking charmer ."	1
"after stempel loses the "" throne "" to van doren , he starts to feel cheated ( which he should ) ."	1
"to solve this case , zero reluctantly crawls out of his shell ."	1
- david cronenberg as a kind of bland functionary manager at the gas company .	1
"the boy is so frightened by what he sees , he has closed himself off emotionally , being unwilling to tell anyone . . ."	1
"a stranger , goro ( tsutomu yamazaki ) , comes into town and finds tampopo ( nobuko miyamoto ) , the proprietor of a small , hole-in-the-wall noodle shop , trying to fend off the insults of the local strongman , pisken ( rikiya yasuoka ) ."	1
suzie obviously has some serious issues to deal with which are obvious from her first scene in the film .	1
"the cinematography by paul sarossy is sweeping in its outdoor grandeur , but it is in the warm , shadowy , intimate moments indoors where it works best ."	1
"the plot tracks a trio of crooks-posed-as-photographers ( mantegna , pantoliano , haley ) who steal nine-month-old bennington august cottwell iv , aka baby bink , from his old-money home ."	1
the character's transformation from an ingenuous and polite rookie to a paranoid veteran is very apparent and justifiable .	1
"it's similar to the opening sequence in saving private ryan , but nowhere near as effective ."	1
"jack vincennes ( spacey ) is the cop who is more concerned on busting with fame and stardom ala hollywood style , concentrating heavily on work which will attract him media attention ."	1
lynch has been known to do this with a number of his films meaning he may be too esoteric for some hoping to get a hollywood ending where the good guy gets the girl and everything turns out fine .	1
"apparently , houston wasn't as open about the use of her song as the others were ."	1
"dennis quaid , in fact , hasn't been this likable in about a decade - his big dumb smile and near cocky attitude is what has made him a notable actor in the past , not just that he's mr . meg ryan ."	1
"things begin to change around him ( blinking red lights let off a strange hum , for example ) , and he fights to stay in control of his own senses ."	1
"much like the austin powers films , zoolander relies heavily on the strength of the talent involved , and this zany comedy features some of the funniest people in entertainment today ."	1
remarkably it serves a double purpose .	1
it helps matters that he's not a particularly likable protagonist .	1
that they make their own outlandish clothes helped keep the wall around them .	1
"somersets new partner , david mills ( brad pitt ) has not given up on the world , perhaps because he is still young ( and perhaps by having this optimism he's naive in this films portrayal of the world ) ."	1
but his bearish persona and stature alienates her .	1
"unlike most summer movies , the dialogue is twice as important as the effects ."	1
"like moonstruck , cousins is a mix of drama and comedy ."	1
and robert sean leonard plays another one of alice's revolving suitors ; the two have an amusing exchange about the true definition of virginity .	1
"( she also directed the boys next door , which is different , to say the least . )"	1
"the abject cruelty to which truman is subjected to hits home - and from that moment , we're on his side ."	1
"i can even remember seeing the made-for-tv "" parent trap ii "" on tv one night , and after i had seen that one over and over and over again , i saw the original "" parent trap . """	1
will chris turn tim in ?	1
"this film was produced just before the distracting concept of using celebrity voices became in vogue , which started to a certain degree with beauty and the beast and was irrevocably exacerbated by robin williams' much-heralded turn in aladdin ; by the release of the lion king and henceforth , the majority of characters in the animated films were voiced by celebrities ."	1
"meanwhile , kevin believes that somehow his wish has come true ."	1
"deft direction by robert redford and keen performances by ralph fiennes , john turturro and rob morrow dovetail perfectly with the carefully honed script ."	1
"phoenix looks like the very embodiment of gen-x slackerhood ( as envisioned by tabloid tv , of course ) ."	1
"lucas never settles for vague ideas about the look of his settings , he creates rich , spectacular landscapes , palaces , and skylines ."	1
angelina jolie's full name is angelina jolie voight .	1
"critique : a pretty intense little movie with solid acting across the board , some ups , some downs and a thrilling ending , despite a couple of small flaws ."	1
"first , he shows us modern-day salvage operations on titanic ( that's just "" titanic "" , not "" the titanic "" , mind you ) ."	1
"separation proves haunting in a melancholy series of intercut shots as rylance and fox undress on opposite sides of the room , crawling across the floor to meet in the center ."	1
i had never heard of it until i saw a copy at my video store .	1
i highly recommend 'being john malkovich' and have no doubts you will be disappointed .	1
one thing i noticed about the film instantly was the fantastic special effects .	1
"he works it like a theatrical production , with a first act and a second act ."	1
"kids will no doubt go ga-ga over "" mulan "" ( or at least the fast food tie-ins ) , but familiarity can , after a while , leave grown-ups--this reviewer included--wishing for a little more ."	1
"for the first time in years , rosalba's on her own when she's abandoned at a highway rest area ."	1
"this time , williams is after matron ( jacques ) when he needs to prove himself that he is a man after visiting dr . goode ."	1
"hartman , continues on ."	1
"last year he gave us his beautifully realized version of jane eyre , one of the twin peaks ( with wuthering heights ) of romantic literature ."	1
"he does this , and shortly after gets tied up in a kidnapping caper ."	1
"unfortunately , he is type cast in this role , but fortunately it works well for him in this movie ."	1
"both of these re-releases restore the film to its full length , but viewers should still be wary of the english version due to its often stilted dialogue ."	1
so what does he set out to do ?	1
"nicolas cage , after a couple ho-hum movies , returns to material which allows him to utilize his strong acting abilities ."	1
quint is drawn into telling the story of his experiences aboard the u . s . s .	1
they play their roles as the parker brother and sister perfectly .	1
"but , as you no doubt gathered from the above - bates is well and truly the star of the show ."	1
"this movie effectively juggles a thin romantic story line and the overall experience of the 1950's , with a superb soundtrack and some great dance numbers ."	1
no matter .	1
"bruce willis and sixth sense director m . night shyamalan re-team to tell the story of david dunne ( willis ) , a stadium security guard who has been having some problems at home that are affecting his relationship with his wife and child ."	1
"the story itself is an adventurous one , a quest involving the mystical pig , hen wen , the black cauldron itself , and an army of deathless ones with everything : a hooking opening to a spectacular finale ."	1
"at the end , it seems , bill's eyes are wide open to the special kind of love he and his wife have for each other , more meaningful than anything he could ever hope to find on the streets of new york ."	1
"and then there is a happy end which , like in 'dark city' , completely alienates it from the rest of the story and context ."	1
"on the surface , he's coming home for a high school reunion , but since this is a movie , you know that he's really looking for some major life decisions ."	1
there's more to realistic makeup than slapping on a latex mask .	1
"and soon enough , the marines come under attack from the aliens . . ."	1
""" sweet sweetback "" is also the only film deemed mandatory viewing by the black panthers ."	1
"i can hear batfans everywhere protesting : "" first they had the nerve to cast michael keaton as batman , and now they think they can get away with making him second banana to the joker ! ! """	1
"crystal is his most likeable in years , kudrow is given as little screen time as possible , which is a good thing , and de niro is just awesome ."	1
"bale's character is an especially tough sell : bitter and depressed by flashbacks to his young adulthood , he's not an extremely personal character , and his cliched experiences ( being hounded by the record store guys for buying a record put out by a "" poof "" ) never help us communicate with him ."	1
"don't live to eat . "" ) . but"	1
it's the year 2013 and things have fallen apart .	1
jan de bont once again proves his visual abiility ( thanks to his years of experience as a director of photography for action films ) for action sequences .	1
the dvd is a massive achievement .	1
scenes are not milked for their horror the way american exploitation films might .	1
things are a mess .	1
the movie doesn't try to romanticise the mercenary profession nor glorify mercenaries as some kind of superheroes ; they are simply shown as deadly yet expendable tool of powerful forces with questionable agenda .	1
"so if starship troopers is another movie where one-dimensional characters wade through trite situations on their way to killing a bunch of aliens , what makes it any better than , say , independence day , a movie where one-dimensional characters waded through trite situations on their way to killing a bunch of slightly different aliens ?"	1
"that annoyed me , as did the ending ."	1
"as joe is on the bus listening to a radio talk show , a lady on the air describes her ideal man as `gary cooper ? but he's dead . '"	1
"i'm not saying "" good will hunting "" is a bad film at all ."	1
"the film went on to gross over 70 million dollars in the u . s . , and even developed a cult following , much like the previous year's 100 million dollar grossing scream ."	1
"bresson's style may not be for everyone , but one has to respect his strength as an artist ."	1
"so this film is predictable , just as the screwball comedies of the classical hollywood cinema were predictable ( and the screwball genre is obviously hoffman's model for this film ) ."	1
"aided by judas ( keitel ) , he sets off on teaching = the world his message ."	1
"well , so was i ."	1
"his entry and adaptation to the whole "" rock 'n roll "" lifestyle fills the rest of the film and is really fun to watch ."	1
flynt had been taking an excessive amount of pain killers after being paralysed from the waist down ( which was especially upsetting for him ) by an assassin .	1
"the movie , on the other hand , can be trusted to deliver a high old time ."	1
"the movie ends when , after much agonizing , the dalai lama leaves tibet for india ."	1
"it doesn't simply plug in the "" right thing "" at the "" right time , "" it creates an entire reality where everything makes sense and said concerns are irrelevant ."	1
"i love this movie , and i've just seen for the umptenth time ."	1
this is will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year : note how multi-dimensional his character is .	1
just go see the movie .	1
"the sets are very well done , creating a futuristic sense , but not too futuristic as to alienate viewers ."	1
pearce's interogation of three seperate suspects is nothing short of brilliant .	1
"at times , however , zeik's tale becomes almost too reminiscent of mission : impossible - de niro might easily become tom cruise , the package might become cruise's computer disk ."	1
"never nervous and always commanding , his speech patterns are very manipulative as they range from stentorian to soothing ."	1
some strenuous stretches of the imagination are required here .	1
more cynical ?	1
"the participants include vera ( whoopi goldberg ) and merrill ( lanai chapman ) , a newly reunited mother and daughter ; disgraced pro football referee owen templeton ( cuba gooding jr . ) ; italian tourist mr . pollini ( rowan atkinson ) ; randy pear ( jon lovitz ) and his family ; the bumbling con men duane and blaine cody ( seth green and vince vieluf ) ; and cynical young lawyer nick shaffer ( breckin meyer ) ."	1
"to make sure she's not seeing someone else , of course ."	1
""" in the heat of the night "" shows the difference between the north and the south or a major city and a small town in the united states during the 1960's ."	1
such was the case with frequency .	1
to amuse : jim's lusty encounter with a hot apple pie . )	1
"with these plot holes , "" wag the dog "" doesn't quite work as a satire of american politics , but it does send up the mentality that might lead to these kinds of machinations in the first place ."	1
"she has warm , human chemistry with gibson , whose rocky hides his personal doubt under a brash gung-ho veneer ."	1
"unlike your average horror flick in which some invincible psycho with a knife chases blonde cheerleaders , the villain presented is unusual , it's the grim reaper ."	1
best film .	1
"we know from the narration that she's monstrously unhappy with her arranged marriage to zane , but there isn't any expression of these feelings until she encounters dicaprio ."	1
"you can tell just by watching these first few moments that this show isn't about vanity , it's about playing the music you love to those who have an appreciation for it , a two-way street ."	1
"aside from a few dragging minutes toward the end of the piece , morris has given us a fresh look at a dismal subject and i , for one , feel bettered by the experience ."	1
both deal with the hardships of family life .	1
"`run lola run' is an experience like `fight club' or `the matrix' , in that each film takes you through a super-charged wormhole of bending reality in surreal and exciting ways ."	1
"ps : for anyone who has seen the original , i cannot believe that they didn't at least bring back the scene in which the lead human character ( in this case , mark wahlberg ) goes nuts at the world in which he's suddenly been thrust ( "" this is a mad house ! "" -"	1
"one thing that doesn't hold up after all the years , however , is linda hamilton's hairdo ."	1
i think one of the main reasons this film worked for me is the groundbreaking performance by mark wahlberg ( of boogie nights infamy ( 7 . 5/10 ) .	1
""" the naked spur "" features jimmy stewart in a role completely different than what people would expect from him ."	1
"he shows a man moving steadily towards the brink , making the moment he goes over quite jolting ."	1
"the color green , symbolizing life and tranquility , is used heavily in the film's visual styling , lapsing into yellowish hues and blues ."	1
"it is true that analyze this has had a somewhat chequered production history , and perhaps the plot points were expanded in a earlier version of the script ."	1
"the film revolves around the kidnapping of peter bowman ( david morse ) , an american engineer working in south america who is kidnapped during a mass ambush of civilians by anti-government soldiers ."	1
"now , alex , and fellow survivors , who consist of friend clear waters ( ali larter ) , enemy carter ( kerr smith ) , carter's girlfriend terry ( amanda detmer ) , the goofy billy ( sean william scott ) and his brother tod ( chad donella ) , and teacher , ms . valerie lewton ( kristen cloke ) , are in extreme danger , as it seems they have cheated death by getting off of that plane , and now death wants them ."	1
"contrasting this and other wonderful moments ( the sexy seduction by the sirens comes to mind ) are some pretentious bits that detract from the overall quality of "" o brother . """	1
"if you are easily offended , or find this pair particularly annoying , steer clear ."	1
"making a cameo appearance in the role of god , former porn actress annie sprinkle , a true artist in her own right - gives the entire film an earthy , sensual glow and certainly solidifies and , by her very appearance , downright justifies the themes of the movie ."	1
"ephron , who co-wrote the film with her sister , delia , as well as directed it , knew what she was doing by reteaming tom hanks and meg ryan as the at-odds couple ."	1
"the groundhog day ceremony involves a groundhog being lifted out of a box , and if he dosen't see a shadow , it will be an early spring ."	1
"basically , dogmatism is bad ."	1
"many methods of imagery are employed , from modeling to bluescreen to computer graphics ."	1
"tentacles ? ) , it can be used as a weapon ."	1
"it's fun , it's funny , it's action-packed ."	1
this brings the plot even more credibility as genetic engineering becomes more possible by every passing day .	1
kevin goes to new lengths in this hilarious comedy and gives us some great characters with not too much background or study and rather we start to know the characters as we watch the movie .	1
"kevin is tapped for a dangerous dea assignment to be accomplished in mainland china , which requires him to collaborate with the attractive ( and ass-kicking ) chief fo chinese security ( played here by the ever-enjoyable michelle yeoh ) ."	1
if you expecting changes from the show keep looking .	1
"of course , comedies as such are usually very subjective and i could see how some will see this film simply as stupid and unfunny , while others will grant them the "" stupid "" , but consider it funny instead ."	1
"however , in not telling the audience what the cause of earth's destruction is , he's left a big question that is in their minds throughout the film ."	1
"its protagonist , the comically-named humbert humbert , is not your average pedophile , but a seriously wounded human being who embodies how we are all destroyed by our sick obsessions and idosyncrasies ."	1
"another thing that carries this film are the superb performances by gibson and sinise , as they collide in a game of wits over their cellular phones for most of the movie ."	1
"sleepy hollow , his newest feature which fans have been anticipating for a while , shares the similar dark and atmospheric style of his earlier work and counts among his better movies ."	1
the best aspect of animation is the fact that the characters aren't limited by gravity .	1
"the quick script written by barry fanaro , screenwriter of kingpin , is carried by plenty of subtly dry humor and wit ."	1
gavin's self-conscious voice-over narration of his experiences firmly thrusts us into his psyche .	1
"everything that is right and true about eight taels comes together in one great scene , which is the culmination of the love story ."	1
"fast , cheap & out of control contains a multitude of parallels and tiny intersections , culminating in what feels like an elegy ( the film is dedicated to morris's late mother and stepfather ) ."	1
"it concentrates on the good deeds of the man , if a bit as a stalwart saint , but doesn't embellish on a larger than life persona ."	1
"van dien , for example , is limited but perfectly likeable ."	1
"and a rainstorm is like a giant flood , with each drop acting like a small bomb dropped at millions of miles per hour ."	1
"this is in large part due to williamson's deliciously written script , which will easily leave you satisfied ."	1
as a the most consistent and impassioned critic of western culture there is nietzsche applying his typical stridency to the matter : let us look each other in the face .	1
"robbie coltrane was easily one of the best parts in goldeneye , so it was nice to see his russian mobster character revived in this movie ."	1
"felix ( sami bouajila , "" the siege "" ) lives a contented life with his boyfriend daniel ( pierre-loup rajot ) in the little town of dieppe in northern france ."	1
"the part of jeff "" the dude "" lebowski was reportedly written specifically with bridges in mind , and the fit is perfect ."	1
"just like in "" star wars : episode 1--the phantom menace "" stuart little and his family are all computer generated and they look fantastically real ."	1
"they don't even have sex until , like , the last ten minutes of the film ."	1
a second reason this film continues the fine tradition of star wars movies is that the film is replete with humor and small details that flesh out the world lucas creates .	1
"cynthia's younger brother maurice is a successful photographer who has not seen his sister for ages , largely because of his wife's animosity towards her ."	1
"his travis bickle has a lot in common with most of the average viewers of today - many of us share his feelings of isolation , loneliness and outrage towards crime , drugs , prostitution and senseless street violence ."	1
"while the hilarity level of this film soared unexpectedly high , audience will find that they are in no way being cheated of a laugh , something lacking in many comedy films ( wannabes ? ) from hollywood ."	1
they marry .	1
"john believes that his mother is somehow connected to his failed relationships with women , either because of his flawed self-esteem caused by his need for validation , or perhaps because he tends to unconsciously seek out women who remind him of his mother in an oedipal manner ."	1
"one day , after losing her job as an advertising executive , she decides to return home in the middle of the day ."	1
"as members of the faculty , robert patrick ( "" t2 : judgement day "" ) was creepy as the gym coach ; piper laurie was amusing and threatening as the drama teacher ; bebe neuwirth actually was somehow able to look like an alien ; and salma hayek , as the school nurse with a bad case of the cold , was very funny in a small role ."	1
"this man is the perfect subject for this kind of study -- he's funny , energetic , and eminently quotable ."	1
"the film's setup is fairly generic in nature , and opens rather unpromisingly ."	1
"the camera work is terrific , but the editing makes this scene work so well ."	1
i can't think of anyone else who could have done a better job .	1
i will probably file away the wings of the dove in the same low-traffic corner of my mind as sense and sensibility and persuasion .	1
along with aliens comes the humor and in a pretty decent way .	1
"i rented "" brokedown palace "" last night blind , having heard nothing about it beforehand , and i enjoyed it immensely despite some flaws ."	1
"that's right , burbank's life is being broadcast live to the american public , and seahaven and all it's inhabitants are inclosed in a massive sound stage ."	1
"it+s said that tragedies bring out the best in people , finding strengths they did not realize they had ."	1
"her reaction was understandable when you consider that the film revolves around molly ringwald , who hasn't made a worthwhile film since 1986 ."	1
"while not as powerful as the cider house rules , lasse hallstrom's chocolat is a film which works on all levels-as a drama , a comedy , a fable , a romance , and a fairy tale ."	1
this perhaps may be washington's very best to date .	1
"both of them indulge in a world of too much sex , and eventually too much drugs ."	1
"when we catch up with him , six years later , he has just returned to st . petersburg , where at a grand ball he discovers that an old friend ( donovan ) has married a more womanly and wordly tatyana ."	1
"instead of having heterosexual sex scenes , it also includes lesbian scenes between denise richards and neve campbell ( don't worry . . ."	1
"the spanish prisoner , like the usual suspects or chinatown , begs for the viewer's complete attention ."	1
an entertaining 2 hours awaits the audience in this film set in the early 80's .	1
"both men have recently been dumped themselves , and chad sees an easy route to revenge against the fairer sex ."	1
"i'm not certain the courtroom monologue near the end of the film would actually hold up in real life , but it brings to the forefront the essence of the constitution ( of australia ) and certainly sounds impressive at any rate ."	1
"the performances in "" magnolia "" are perfection ."	1
"but despite my mere claims , make no mistake that i was completely and utterly edge of my seat throughout , and even sometimes curdling up by the situations that occured , not because of any kind of gore factor ( which is , thankfully for this , very minimal ) , but because the film places its characters in situations and gives them such painful things to overcome that i've frankly not seen much like it in quite awhile ."	1
than he would care to admit ( hint : it has something to do with the father of sally's unborn child ) .	1
it's an interesting premise .	1
"fortunately , first-time screenwriter marc klein has sketched strong , well-rounded , characters to propel a predictable and corny narrative ."	1
being oscar winners for the classic 'good will hunting' they give great performances here again but matt damon seems just a little held back and to me did not give it all he could .	1
"editing is great , and photography by caleb deschanel provides many memorable scenes like the funeral in the desert or astronauts in their suits walking in slow motion ( the same image would be copied in many latter films ) ."	1
"he's given a job at the radio station to his best friend , played by daniel stern , out of sympathy while stern's character works through his divorce ."	1
"matters get much worse for nello when his grandfather dies , and he has to pay for his funeral ."	1
""" memento "" traces the investigation back in time from its apparent culmination ."	1
"another staple of recent disney animated films , a cache of hummable little ditties , has also obligingly been carried over to mulan but proves to be a decided weakness ."	1
"probably half a dozen times , "" i gulped . . ."	1
"uhf is a television parody a la airplane , and like airplane , the movie is extraordinarily stupid ."	1
"the men are eventually able to escape , but are separated ."	1
"they attack in packs of hundreds , and it's a funny , scary sight to see these bugs take repeated hits and still crawl , jerk and struggle towards their intended victims in a determined , gooey mess ."	1
"matthew lillard gets to play another creepy role , just like in 1996's scream ."	1
"many dramas occur during the war , until finally the troopers realize that their is something behind the bugs' attacks ."	1
"fantasia 2000 is being released exclusively in the giant-screened imax theaters , making for a unique viewing experience ."	1
"one of the things that makes this film even more unique was the fact that it was doomed to fail , at least judging by conventional movie-making wisdom of its time ."	1
"wizzard ( played by peter boyle ) presents the only link with america's better past ; but only because he is the oldest taxi driver in company and therefore everybody assumes that he "" knows stuff "" ."	1
there are scenes between them which are just amazing to watch .	1
"contact given in the program guide : "" print source : irish dream source , inc . , tel : ( 310 ) 449-3411 """	1
she brings a mature self- awareness and determination that might not have come across from a younger foster .	1
"there are some scenes that have a lot of potential horror , some with potential comedy , some with potential drama , and some with potential pure action , but the film tries to mix them together too often for the mixing to work ."	1
"sayles two major strengths as a director - characters and setting - are abundantly evident in "" men with guns . """	1
"it actually managed to stagnate a little bit about halfway through and it just went on for way too long ( it's a little over two hours but it felt even longer ) , with much of the second half of the movie devoted to many different characters , all of whom weren't as interesting as the lead , and a lot of indecisiveness from ms . amelie herself , which got frustrating ."	1
"still , it's no "" toy story . """	1
"they have dinner together , and eventually , both josie and the audience start to realize that cole is homicidal ."	1
this is the film that gives us faith that hong kong cinema is alive and flourishing .	1
this movie is fraught with symbolism--in fact a large part of it is based on christian symbolism .	1
drumlin comes across as a distant stepfather to whom ellie is like an irritating teenager who wants to use his toys to get into trouble .	1
"the other performances are all terrific , with standouts from furlong , d'angelo , and lien ."	1
nor is it about cops trying to apprehend him .	1
"spielberg should have trusted his own material , and he should have trusted hanks to deliver the most chilling line of the movie , to end his masterpiece right there ."	1
"the guy in this film barely seems to be "" put off "" by the fact that he's surrounded by apes who can speak english ! !"	1
"complicating matters even worse is graham ( james spader , who won best actor at cannes ) , john's old college buddy , who comes to stay at their house ."	1
"sit back , watch the movie , laugh , scream , and whatever you want ."	1
"on the contrary , lost highway is a dark and perplexing mystery that takes lynch's previous excursions into murder and intrigue one step farther ."	1
"flynt is not only childish in the courtroom , but downright rude to the judges , and lands himself in a lot of trouble ( and even in a mental institution ) because of it ."	1
"perhaps bridget fonda is miscast as his advice-giving wife , but she certainly doesn't do anything ruin the picture ."	1
"the film follows five brits in their young twenties during a wild weekend of parties , drugs , dancing , sex , pop culture discussions , relationships , and wanking off in front of a mirror while mum interrupts ."	1
"the film is also lovingly photographed by giles nuttgens and features an evocative score , courtesy peter nashel ."	1
"narratively , fallen has a few glaring weaknesses ."	1
they are a metaphor for the fears and insecurities of the dogmatic .	1
titanic is one of the only films where effects have reinforced the film .	1
"the camera likes to take up the perspective of the alien , racing after the characters ."	1
"indeed , in a singularly freakish oddity , it is the screenwriter , mr . williamson , and not the director that has been receiving the lion's share of acclaim for the success of scream , and the print advertisements for scream 2's theatrical release are similarly indicative of his increasing prominence : while the traditional "" a film by wes craven "" drapes the film's title in the ads , right below it ( in equal sized font , yet ) reads "" written by kevin williamson "" , an affirmation of the screenwriter's contribution to the project which may be unprecedented ."	1
he agrees to take the job ( in which you are guaranteed to become a millionaire within three years ) of selling stock to well-off americans from the mid-west over the telephone and begins to fit in quite well with his co-workers .	1
"the effect was incredibly powerful , lasting and entir e everyone , but in a different way ."	1
"disney's a bug's life isn't due out for another two months , and dreamworks seems to have received the better end of the deal ."	1
occasionally there are movies that transcend their blemishes .	1
"this causes him to take severe actions to prove himself to maggie and himself , such as try out for the football team ."	1
"it's got style , it's got tough guys talkin' shite and it's got plenty of bullets to go around ."	1
"it is a one time experience , ending in blood , gore and madness - a rather frightening forecast for tomorrow ."	1
it details the circumstances surrounding the first clear sign of intelligent life in outer space and their effects on the life of a young and idealistic radio astronomer named ellie arroway ( jodie foster ) .	1
"for the second picture in a row , tarantino is attempting to revive the career of a '70s icon ."	1
"she has a couple of good scenes with duchovny , but she gets kidnapped during the last half hour of the movie so she does not get to do much ."	1
"as the prologue to each episode of the television series explains , giant industrial robots , known as "" labors "" ( an interesting play on words , considering that "" robot "" is derived from the czech word for labor ) , have come into widespread use in japan toward the close of the twentieth century ."	1
his tongue slowly snakes out and lovingly licks the glowing bowling ball .	1
one of the few weak parts of sleepy hollow is the wooden and cliched dialogue between the main characters .	1
most notable of all is the methods kaufman uses in order to suggest the passage of time .	1
"upset that frank was taken out by someone not from the family , the mob bosses , in turn , put out a hit on ghost dog in a perverse twist of loyalty to their assassinated comrade ."	1
"the story unfolds itself slowly and the suspense buildup = is superb , up till the point where i really felt like saying out loud = `enough !"	1
"thanks to cameron's direction , then , the audiences attention is held for the full 3 hours 15 minutes ."	1
"the characterizations are mostly flat , one dimesional , but they have enough in them to get you to care for some of the characters ."	1
"then , when he's ready , he teaches him the seven styles of drunken kung fu ."	1
the plot is anything but original and the dialogues sometimes resemble a television soap-opera .	1
"meyer exhibits the congenial appeal that made him a delight to watch in "" clueless "" ( he was the stoner with the joker-smile ) , while hayek simply sizzles , especially when leading a dance class with the mantra , "" one , two , three , attitude ! """	1
"something like that happens to jake van dorn ( george c . scott ) , successful grand rapids businessman who shares strong calvinist convictions with the rest of his community ."	1
"along the way , the parodies seem arbitrary , and rarely victimize mob films : pictures like the english patient , forrest gump , and jaws undergo severe and hilarious bashing ."	1
"although it does have several action sequences in it , most notably the climactic conclusion , _patlabor_ is foremost not an action movie ."	1
"in fact , the entire ensemble is appealing in that well-spoken stillman way ."	1
"while larry may be confident and charming like sam malone on "" cheers , "" he is also complex and vulnerable , with more between his ears than empty space ."	1
"patrice lumumba's ( eriq ebouaney ) story has been told previously by helmer peck in his 1991 award winning documentary , "" lumumba - death of a prophet , "" virtually guaranteeing that his new , fictional account of a patriot remains true to its subject ."	1
the child is asked if he recognizes any of the items as his own .	1
but they don't .	1
okay . let's move to the movie itself .	1
"the cast of character consists of jip ( john simm ) , our narrator , who has a bit of a problem with his willy , known as mr . floppy ."	1
"julia roberts is very good in her performance as alice sutton , the department of justice employee who can't seem to stay away from jerry fletcher , who continually visits alice in hopes that she will do something about his theories ."	1
"phil really hates the ceremony , and not even his producer rita ( macdowell ) can change his mind ."	1
"yet for a handful of toronto citizens , life goes on ."	1
loren dean gives a nice performance in his well-developed character .	1
"for the next sixty minutes , the audience is treated to something unheard of in disney films these days : imagination ."	1
"favreau is also good , acting as 'the little man' very well , and the way he always feels sorry for himself is very funny ."	1
"this is the first oscar-worthy film of not only this year , but of the last five years ."	1
the exaggerated setup has lesly and marty arriving at the family's out of the way mansion during a thanksgiving day hurricane .	1
"maybe this is because she's not a very afeminite character , but she's far from masculine - a creative character indeed ."	1
mulan boasts the highest death toll of any disney cartoon to date .	1
even derek's descent into skinhead-dom doesn't seem justified .	1
"pained , acrimonious debate ensues as the trio grow more and more angry -- angry about the impossibility of saying no , and angry with themselves for being weak , for being naive , for putting up with it ."	1
and did anyone really figure out what the mystery is that arthur unearths ?	1
don't look for much glorified violence here .	1
such is the result of an insulated upbringing .	1
"any meaning found in the underground is usually lost by the dumbing-down of the experience to make it "" more accessible "" to the general public ."	1
"all in all , this movie offers many interesting characters , talking and living genuine and engaging love lives , wonderful performances by its solid cast , too sweet of an ending , but an enjoyable and rewatchable movie nonetheless ."	1
"chicken pot pies ? """	1
her life desperately needs a jump start and gets one when she meets a man who introduces her to a job as a music teacher at an east harlem elementary school .	1
"the film is meant to be critical of such a rigid people , as it implies how they kill the spirit of everything they touch and with their extreme phobic attitudes , it makes it impossible for them to unite the country when they can't at present live in harmony with their own people , and it would be even more impossible to imagine them living with their arab neighbors in peace ."	1
"we're then introduced to karen sisco ( jennifer lopez ) , a u . s . marshall who , conveniently , is waiting with a shotgun as jack escapes ."	1
"surrounded by fairy tale characters , he hopes somehow he would escape from everyone ."	1
the level of intensity de niro brings to la motta is unwavering .	1
"everyone has a sub-genre ( be it war films , westerns , dance movies ) that they happen to be privy to ."	1
it's there that he discovers a secret portal that leads to being john malkovich for 15 minutes at a time .	1
"myers' challenge is to make these subjects , art film staples , engrossing in a new context ."	1
"a new york cop , john , ( jim caviezel ) finds a radio in his house , which allows him to communicate with his new york firefighter father , frank , ( dennis quaid ) who died thirty years ago ."	1
that may turn many moviegoers away .	1
summer is here again !	1
"at first , his inexperience with the genre is fairly obvious , but as the film progresses craven finds a surprisingly comfortable niche with directing this material ."	1
"filmmakers have been reticent to tell the story , perhaps for fear of offending the japanese ."	1
there's a lot to like about this movie .	1
"he is now forced to choose between being loved intensively by andy for a little while ( before he grows up ) and be forgotten , or be admired by children for generations ."	1
in one of critics' polls the right stuff was named as one among top 10 films made in 1980s .	1
"jay and silent bob strike back can rightfully be subtitled "" kevin smith's greatest hits "" for the film is comprised of numerous references and characters from smith's earlier works including , clerks , mall rats ."	1
the costumes by alexandra byrne deserve a mention as they are such an inportant aspect of each shot .	1
"stopping the car along the street , he asks a woman , obviously a prostitute , for directions ."	1
"at less than half of that , the prince of egypt rushes through so much material that it doesn't establish sufficient depth for us to bond with the characters ."	1
followed by the hidden ii in 1994 .	1
the plot is mostly straightforward suspense with little nonsense .	1
"he makes good use of older techniques like split screens , freeze frames , reversed color schemes , and overlapping images ."	1
some of best gags include an oriental film maker down on his luck and one of mel's hitmen pals that has just discovered onanism .	1
images are obscured by semi-lighting or are behind plastic curtain .	1
"dead people wander around not knowing that they're dead , invisible to everyone except cole ."	1
"this philosophy is opposite that of captain bugger staros ( elias koteas ) , who dearly values the life of each and every one of the men under his command ."	1
"the deer hunter , directed by michael cimino , is truly one of the greatest movies ever made ."	1
"michelle yeoh imbues her character with depth , humanity and wisdom ."	1
we observe his fascinating metamorphosis from shy and passive introversion to assertive and self-confident maturity .	1
"but this is all a ploy devised by exiled guard lo fong , which will lead to the princess' kidnapping and ransom ."	1
"the mile in question ( green due to its faded lime-colored linoleum ) leads from the prison cell to "" old sparky , "" the electric chair where executions were carried out at louisiana's cold mountain penitentiary in 1935 ."	1
"boasting an unforgettable soundtrack from the grandfather of film music ennio morricone , the stendhal syndrome is a quite magnificent return to form for argento ."	1
both provide some pretty good entertainment .	1
"director samo hung ( who has a cameo role ) , a longtime collaborator of chan's , does not waste any time putting chan in action , diving head-on into a wild chase/fight/shootout after a brief cooking show prologue ."	1
he had made such classics as look back in anger ( 1958 ) and tom jones ( 1963 ) .	1
"we see the parents of the kids complaining that the music they listen to is filled with "" sexual innuendos "" , but that's not true at all ."	1
"it has been hidden for centuries , and whoever possesses it will have the power to conjure up an army of deathless warriors , and with them rule the world ? and destroy it ."	1
"heche's performance is a standout , as she is able to create a full character in only about ten minutes of screen time ."	1
"catherine zeta-jones , in her brief role , gives a vivid portrayal of a women completely enamored with her own "" charm "" ."	1
"as played by great shakesperean actor derek jacobi , he's like a foppish and self-absorbed cross between oscar wilde and nero ."	1
"van peebles tells an interesting story that goes a long way toward defining the difference between "" sweet sweetback "" and all movies that had come before it ."	1
"the acting is good , with rod taylor in one of his most remembered roles , while in the same time alan young brings rather memorable performance as george's trusted friend filby ."	1
stay at home and rent up close and personal .	1
"larry flynt's wife , althea leasure is played by courtney love ."	1
hell yes !	1
"see it , see it again and when the dvd comes out , buy it , because a movie this hilarious will surely have outtakes to die for ."	1
"and it is a sympathetic yet not altogether forgiving film , as illustrated by a disheartening conclusion ."	1
"winslet's character grows up a lot during the movie , and so does her performance ."	1
"steven , who is emotionally marred by this turn of events , is secluded in a tiger cage with water up to his face when he refuses to participate ."	1
the trade is made ; gurgi's seemingly lifeless body reappears before the heartbroken group .	1
"we see him at all of these stages - as a smart teenager , a vicious hate monger , a man having an epiphany , and the man who tries to correct what he's done before - and in all of these , we get a portrait of a man from all sides ."	1
five u . s . bombers carrying nuclear warheads are ordered to set a routine course for moscow after an unidentified aircraft is spotted heading toward america .	1
"we travel through mozart's life as a composer , through his struggles , his triumphs , and ultimately , his demise ."	1
"it's very similar to the spielberg classic "" e . t . , ' and such comparisons are actually deserved in the case of "" the iron giant . """	1
"unfortunately , she has sided with yeung seung ."	1
"frances mcdormand does a good job of her limited role of sara , grady's married lover but we never understand much of who she is ."	1
send a memo to jonathan taylor thomas .	1
"it's a story about a young man's coming of age , a fight for freedom against an oppressive empire , a tale of swashbuckling and derring-do the likes of which haven't been seen on the silver screen in decades , strange new worlds with strange alien creatures and weird surprises around every turn , and the yearning within each of us to realize our dreams and make a difference in the world ."	1
i don't know .	1
isn't that illegal in most countries ?	1
bowfinger is a good movie about the making of a very bad one .	1
"the onshore wind cuts like a knife and snow blankets the beach , giving the terrain an alien appearance ."	1
"if chris farley had strapped some fake mutton-chop sideburns to each side of his head , spoken with a thick irish accent , and tried his damnedest to play it straight , he wouldn't have been nearly as funny as brendan gleeson in "" i went down . """	1
"i didn't always feel this sedated . """	1
"powell's "" love "" and "" hate "" knuckle tattoos obviously influenced spike lee in do the right thing ( remember radio raheem ? ) ."	1
"the dog man finds out even though this girl is beautiful , she's not quite as intellectual or confident about herself in person , but he doesn't suspect anything , realizing he's not living in a "" three's company "" episode ."	1
"but , at last , someone has a different take on the matter , and it's director brett rainer ."	1
"got to buy it , or risk little billy's temper tantrums for the next month ."	1
but most directors seem to go for action with the slightest ounce of a story .	1
i cannot stress this enough . . .	1
"under the direction of bruce beresford ( crimes of the heart , tender mercies ) , driving miss daisy seems a bit stagey now and again ."	1
also the 'tradition' of showing the last five minutes or so from the past rocky film is used as well .	1
"toy story 2 was greenlighted as a direct-to-video project , disney's standard tactic for milking a few more bucks out of hot franchises without expending the effort of developing a proper feature film ."	1
"some cuts had to be made to the finished film to keep from getting an nc-17 , mainly involving a sex scene comprising bateman and two women , and initial reports said the film was unwatchable ."	1
"the surviving cast members are the innocents and the entertainers , who triumph by determining that the alien invaders -- the ultimate elitists -- are actually susceptible to the kitschiest strains of american pop culture ."	1
"even so , the essence of horror is = carried out very well in this film , thanks to its well-paced = storytelling , disturbing set designs and some really gory sequences = ( which incidentally , has been quite generously removed by our censorship = board ) . =20"	1
"lumet's greatest contribution to the movie is how he lays back , and lets the camera soak up the action ."	1
"i'll let you decide that one for yourself , but this critic is sticking to his guns ."	1
"by itself , this premise might have been interesting enough to carry the film ."	1
"kaufman's direction is fine , and he is able to bring a sense of bizarre humour to the grim proceedings ."	1
naturally the two will become infatuated with one another .	1
along the way everything that can possibly go wrong does .	1
"however , five years later , things have taken a turn for the worse in italy ."	1
"sean connery is solid as the older man with some issues to resolve , as is gena rowlands , as the aging wife with trepidations ."	1
as my friend and fellow film critic ted prigge said in his review of `the phantom menace' - how do i even write this review ?	1
"charlotte is confident and outspoken--perhaps a little too outspoken ; alice is shy and introverted , "" like a kindergarten teacher . """	1
"wilder manages to create scenes of utter hysteria , so pitch-perfect that the audience is dying of laughter with the last comic piece , the final line of this absolutely incredible film ."	1
"and , indeed , this situation would have been altogether inappropriate and intolerable were it not for the fact that someone at warner brothers had the savvy to cast jack nicholson in the role he was born to play ."	1
a friend of mine related a story to me that henson was pressured into planting humans among labyrinth's creatures due to the financial failure of people-less the dark crystal .	1
"for a moment , the family is stunned , but then the father yells at the children , "" keep eating !"	1
that tradition continues as well with this fun special effects extravaganza .	1
"the scene of "" second best "" is laid in wales ."	1
by the time the ending rolled around my head was spinning from disbelief of how good this film was .	1
"david lean put his reputation on the line to get this film completed , and the fact that it was even greenlit in the first place says something about the ideology of the motion picture industry at the time , a far cry from its pathetic , uncreative existence today ."	1
"so many names come and go with the fluctuations of the hollywood hype machine , but based on his impressive work in john grisham's the rainmaker and especially good will hunting , it is a safe bet that matt damon is one name we will be hearing a lot more of in the years to come ."	1
""" l . a . confidential'' triumphantly achieves the rare gift of complexity and coherence while satisfying our desire for a good old-fashioned movie ."	1
"some may be utterly repulsed by the gory particulars of these tragic events , and even though the murders aren't shown as graphically as you might think , there's enough here to send the squeamish right out the doors ."	1
"since then , epics have appeared infrequently ( "" the last emperor , "" "" braveheart "" ) and some of the best have been small-screen affairs produced in the 1970's ( "" roots , "" "" shogun "" ) ."	1
this action would not have been realistic at all since it is nearly impossible for someone to believe something one day and believe something else the next day .	1
"so many students strive to get into schools such as harvard of princeton , but they just don't get the good grades ."	1
"i mean imagine , brooks seeing these big named directors in his back yard seeking sharon stone for advice , like it was something out of the ordinary ."	1
"a lot of criticism has gone against this film ( from what i have read so far , anyway--yep , all two reviews ) , and it makes me wonder why these types of films are automatically dismissed as gory , laughable pieces of trash ."	1
"in "" the natural "" ( 1984 ) , he played the fallen angelic character of roy hobbs , the baseball player who was destined to be "" the best there ever was , "" but still acted like a humble farm boy ."	1
nolte is riveting and intense as the colonel in charge of the operation .	1
"and yet , many continue to ignore his "" rules "" preferring to make up their own as they go through life ."	1
"at that time , "" sweet sweetback "" was so controversial that only two theaters in the entire united states would play it ."	1
- very canadian cast .	1
"a major difference is that "" the matrix "" has a base reality that is obviously the true reality , while existenz does the impossible and makes us accept the most bizarre reality ever as true ."	1
"in movies , parrots usually play support characters , but paulie might be the first movie where the ( animatronic ) bird gets main billing ."	1
"searching for a way to get information on the government , osnard sets his sights on harry pendel ( geoffrey rush ) , an unctuous tailor serving the panamanian elite ."	1
none ?	1
contact is based on the novel by carl sagan and deals heavily with the subject of science vs . religion .	1
"we meet miep gies , one of the family's protectors who is still alive ."	1
"after finding the weekly fees for private lessons from the elegant and beautiful mai ( tamiyo kusakari ) too rich for his blood , sugiyama opts for groups lessons simply to be near her ."	1
yet this is the case in the disney's re-interpretation of the familiar chinese classic .	1
"given the current climate of the country and the distrust of big government , it's asking a lot for the audience to get behind the film's nationalism ."	1
"what results is thuroughly amusing , as jackie tries to convince his wife that not claiming it would be wrong , and that they could really benefit ."	1
it was decided the film would not be released widely .	1
"lance henriksen makes a brief appearance as bishop ii , but he was more entertaining in aliens ."	1
"yes , i really dug this movie !"	1
"any age should be able to enjoy the complexity and eeriness of the film , and should find an edge to it that most slasher films lack ."	1
"because of his obsession he loses his job , family and sanity , but his loss is nothing compared to the experience of jillian guiler ( melinda dillon ) , single mother whose son becomes the victim of alien abduction ."	1
the movie is flawless if not perfect .	1
"as part of his alliance with france , he requests the hand-in-marriage to the queen of normandy ( joan sims ) ."	1
"the movie is fun and romantic , with beautiful scenery and characters whose lives we'd like to live if we had the nerve . . ."	1
"ben stiller also fares very well , totally changing his image from his _reality bites_ and _flirting with disaster_ straight men to being a , ( how to say it ? ) , a complete loser ."	1
"even more than in the us , it is an excuse for a lavish and extravagant family get-together ."	1
"zane is deliciously evil as cal , saying every line with a sneer and a flicker of the eye lash ."	1
"like a play , this film gives a very three-act feel , the intros ( funny , but almost too long ) , the rehearsals ( even funnier ) , and finally , the actual performance of the play ( excellent ! ) ."	1
"this picture is broadcast on cnn and is seen by a 101 year old woman named rose , who claims to be the girl in the picture ."	1
"their uneasy relationship is also somewhat humorous in context of the film's overarching theme of violence as power - domingo's attempts to control fuentes with his revolver are constantly undermined by fuentes' belief that the revolver is unloaded ( at first it is , but later is isn't ) ."	1
"judith ( holly hunter ) , a fortysomething living in new york city , has been having a difficult time with life lately ."	1
"as time ticks away before his memory cube self-destructs , the frantic search for his body is on . . . while"	1
"i just hope hollywood keeps creating losers on the big screen , they make everyone look and feel great ."	1
"from ancient egyptians outfits to original troops outfits , the costumes are always top notch ."	1
"calder is a familiar actor in britain , though not frequently seen in the us ."	1
"the second improvement is the restoration of some absolutely crucial scenes towards the film's end , when the aliens demonstrate their control over water with a terrifying and extraordinary display of power to a world on the brink of nuclear war ."	1
"_onegin_ could have added up to little more than a distinguished episode of "" masterpiece theater "" , even with its current cast of thoroughbreds intact , were martha fiennes not at the helm ."	1
"also , as mentioned above , the film is too long , and some parts do lag ."	1
"he loses his job as a tram driver , because everyone drives cars nowadays ."	1
"having been demoted from network newsman to smalltime affiliate reporting , max is anxious to turn this into his , and only his , story ."	1
"zero takes the case , and the plot thickens ."	1
"so is finding the treasure , until the four men realize the magnitude of discord still breathing in iraq : saddam's men are threatening the dictator's detractors ( citizens of his own country ) with violence ."	1
"luckily , we're given a narration by damon during the more intricate moments to explain what's going on ."	1
"mitchum gives this film all the intensity and purpose it needs , as it overcomes a thin plot ."	1
"meanwhile , television reporter max brackett ( dustin hoffman ) is also on the scene ."	1
"after the press screening of "" moulin rouge , "" i stood in the lobby of the theater listening to the reactions of my friends and colleagues ."	1
"bruce willis portrays his character perfectly , balancing his need to help cole and his agony over his strained relationship with his wife skillfully ."	1
fincher's the game is no exception to this .	1
"? "" spice world "" certainly isn't a great filmgoing experience ."	1
"when the mystery expands , we see other seemingly guilty characters enter the lives of these three cops , including a high-priced hooker ( kim basinger ) and a shady millionaire ( david strathairn ) ."	1
"with the level of this hype , one would recall an overhyped disaster from 1998 , godzilla , which definitely failed to live up to expectations ."	1
almost famous ( 8/10 ) - blow ( 8/10 ) - boogie nights ( 9/10 ) - detroit rock city ( 8/10 ) - girlfight ( 6/10 ) - goodfellas ( 10/10 )	1
i hope it will be rewarded with an oscar .	1
"she was not even gone for one second , they say , even though she remembers being gone for 18 hours ."	1
director stephen fears' version of the london slums makes us marvel that anyone survived them .	1
i've said so much and yet i haven't even touched on the specifics of the film itself .	1
"as i say , any film with james cromwell dramatically increases in likeability ."	1
"of course , maximus proves as able a gladiator as he was a soldier , and his fame spreads ."	1
""" the little mermaid "" harkened back to , and perhaps surpassed , the classic disney animations from the first half of the century ."	1
a new employee ( hunt ) has just been hired to streamline the operations for greater efficiency .	1
"and , this isn't an independence day knockoff ."	1
one thing : what's with the title ?	1
"one scene , in which a man is interrogated by the cops , is loaded full of menacing energy as they fire off a gun inches from his ears , and suggest his deafness through a cleverly edited soundtrack ."	1
""" i've always called you jesus and you've always called me sonny , "" he says ."	1
wrong .	1
"the play was so successful that the film rights were immediately snapped up and production on the film began a mere year later , in october of 1974 ."	1
"as a film about the culture of cards , rounders is an ace ."	1
"taymor didn't have to resort to such avant garde time tricks , for the story would have resonated just as strongly had she jettisoned them ."	1
"sporting dark sunglasses and a white sports coat , he isn't afraid to flash his tinseltown style ."	1
"clooney , who has had a string of solid , but never stellar , film roles , delivers his best performance to date ."	1
"this is not exactly a new message in movies ( see inherit the wind ) , but i have no problems with recycling old ones , particularly since dogma's protesters are proving smith's point ."	1
"that message being , "" greed is bad "" ."	1
"this time out mel is surrounded by a good supporting cast , including maria bello ( as his love interest ) , william devane and kris kristofferson ( as mod bosses ) ."	1
all of this happens fairly early in the film .	1
oscar and lucinda still offers abundant pleasures to reward the viewer .	1
"nothing else , you can enjoy the martial arts choreography while making fun of the dialogue ) ."	1
"a caller has threatened a federal building in dallas , texas ."	1
"julia stiles was also good , but her character wasn't much different from others that she's played recently ."	1
"even though the "" future is not set , "" there is no doubt about where the world is headed at the end of the movie : the machines will rise and the humans will have to struggle for their very existence ."	1
"what isn't is the bookends of the film , the cemetary sequences ."	1
"brick top , impressed by mickey's performance , decides to gives them another chance - after calmly explaining that it takes 16 pigs about eight minutes to completely devour a corpse ."	1
"the horseman f/x are stylish and impressive , particularly in perfectly blended battle sequences involving actual actors ."	1
"anyway , renard , like the typical terrorist that he is , is bent on some harebrained scheme involving a mid-east oil pipeline ."	1
arthur's professional life is cluttered with moral dilemmas .	1
it seems though that one of everything is left .	1
"on the technical side , a number of interesting choices were made in filming unzipped ."	1
"the characters in the hunt for red october are paper thin , but the performances , thankfully , are rock solid ."	1
""" peter's friends "" is a really enjoyable film which makes people like me pine for some sort of future reunion , although i don't know what kind i'll have ( like most people , i don't look forward to my high school reunion ) ."	1
this film is certainly not for kids and sensitive adults .	1
jackie finds herself in a tight squeeze .	1
"the next day dude explains his situation to his bowling team ( steve buscemi & john goodman , respectively . )"	1
he accuses him of the kidnapping of a little girl .	1
"and the final shot is shot perfectly , creating an image of a car crash , and a couple having sex in front of it , despite the fact that she's wounded ."	1
"the script stays above the waist - or to be precise , above the neck ."	1
"for 30 years , truman suspects nothing-`we accept the reality we're given , ' poses christof-but a desire to break free of the sunny town and visit a long lost love in `fiji' ( mcelhone , who was actually an actress fired by christof for trying to break the confidentiality agreement ) overwhelms him ."	1
"featuring the voice talents of matt stone , trey parker , mary kay bergman ."	1
"but while field of dreams generally avoids excessive melodrama , it unfortunately does at times go overboard , and by the end it gets down-right sappy ."	1
why do so many children's films treat their target audience with utter contempt ?	1
"that's when the movie turns into more of a conventional war flick , although body parts and limbs still fly like never before ."	1
director ivan reitman keeps the pace brisk .	1
"playing the big boss alan mann , woods and eastwood create amusing chemistry and laugh-out-loud punchlines ."	1
"contrast this with the horribly irritating comic relief we are nearly continuously subjected to in the form of jar jar binks , a creature belonging to a race which lives in underwater cities on naboo , in precarious symbiosis with the land dwellers led by amidala ."	1
"we here some ominous music , which clues us that a confrontation is about to happen ."	1
together they take the local train every morning to work in town .	1
"but in the end , he even loses the respect he had among his underworld friends as a standup guy , as he wrestled with his code of honor and lost even that battle ."	1
"another one takes place between call and ripley , which is just awesome ."	1
"a grip sees truman him and quickly moves a paneled door , made to look like the back of an elevator , into place ."	1
the price for his victory is most high .	1
what has become of joe's american dream ?	1
"more than all money and power on earth , you are my treasure "" ."	1
"plus , it almost seems like it sets itself up for sequels ( and i won't reveal the ending here , but you'll understand what i mean when you see it ) ."	1
gillian anderson stands 5'2 .	1
"any of these characters could be the killer -- or for that matter , could be the next victim ."	1
just make sure you don't look for anything culturally different and you'll be fine- drunken master ii this ain't .	1
one of the greatest charms to the film is its sense of humor .	1
"the acting throughout is solid with an absolutely stellar performance rendered by courtney b . vance as doc--in a role that will have many flatly disbelieving that this is same actor they cheered as "" seaman jones "" in mctiernan's red october ."	1
he get's his ass to mars .	1
"of course , the most interesting character is the ship itself ."	1
"timing is everything , and the timing just seems right for this poignant psychological drama that combines the coming-of-age nostalgia of "" stand by me "" with the mystical power of "" the green mile . """	1
"three to tango's script , written by rodney patrick vaccaro and aline brosh mckenna is fun , fast , and funny , delivering not only original , hilarious gay jokes ( not your run of the mill material ) , but a certain snappiness in the dialogue between characters that always keeps you smiling ."	1
"one day , melvin makes a comment that goes to far , and carol , genuinely hurt , comes down on him like a ton of bricks ."	1
"so , at the end of the movie , we end where the saga actually begins - with obi-wan kenobi and his young apprentice , anakin "" darth vader "" skywalker ."	1
quaid stars as a man who has taken up the proffesion of dragonslayer after he feels he is betrayed by a dragon early in the movie .	1
"it's also a movie that has the potential to introduce a lot of people to shakespeare's work in a positive way , without seeming condescending or superior ."	1
he literally transports the viewer to another world with incredible imagery .	1
these are significant enough weaknesses that they distracted from my enjoyment of the piece .	1
"write an interesting script around tried-and-true ideas , add some good lines and satire , and voil ? , you end up with an excellent , well-done , very entertaining flick ."	1
"and , pun heavily intended , when it's all said and done , you'll be smiling from cheek to cheek ."	1
"val kilmer , usually cast in the "" macho "" type of role , was always believable as a blind person , and playing his character was probably a little more tricky than it appears ."	1
"for mr . fincher , i see a long prosperous career ahead of him ."	1
this movie is a classic that will be remembered for years to come .	1
"labute's script does a good job in characterizing mary and barry as individuals , but is very light on chemistry and connection between the two ."	1
"these ideas are all worked into this film nicely , but done in a way that is not heavy-handed at all , but instead lyrical and emotionally devastating ."	1
now .	1
"sam is the kind of guy that every woman would like to sink their claws into , and sam obviously knows it and uses it to his own advantage ."	1
"while starship troopers is no star wars , it comes quite close , and the easiest assessment would be to call this film : "" the 'star wars' of the 90s . """	1
"this isn't an over-the-top action flick for the sake of action , this is an intelligent adventure story with a real sense of mystery to it and it works perfectly ."	1
"ru'afro reminds me , somewhat , of the baron harkonnen in the 1984 film version of dune ."	1
"we understand that joe adopts the fa ? ade of a cowboy , a symbol of virility and gallantry , as an attempt to neutralize his shame ."	1
"but you can have vampires do anything , and you can place them in any genre you want , just about ."	1
the year is 1962 and the military is conducting nuclear testings .	1
"in fact , the characters are living the propaganda ( particularly johnny , who receives so many field promotions he may not remember his own rank by the time the film ends ) ."	1
so my initial predictions were wrong .	1
"as if trying to assure the boy's parents wasn't hard enough on her , a new development arises that furthers the strain on deane's mental faculties ."	1
"the variety of discussion perpetuates a compelling internal dialogue with any viewer , whether they are seeing jamaica for the first time or not ."	1
"it's the kind of film that you actually have to see twice to fully appreciate ( damn , i missed that whole "" peanut butter "" thing ! ) and one that will likely creep the shit out of you if watched alone in the dark ."	1
"with the help of ethically questionable private detective mitch hennessey ( samuel l . jackson ) , she slowly remembers--and reclaims--her past as charly baltimore , tough-as-nails cia operative ."	1
"a great deal of "" fail-safe "" 's plot follows various characters as they attempt to devise ways of stopping the u . s . bombers from reaching russia's borders--at any cost ."	1
""" if you run away , things don't get better , whether it's bullies , spiders , or girls , "" his science teacher advises him after he has difficulties dealing with all three ."	1
"once declared queen , elizabeth immediately finds herself under assault , both by her own subjects ( including the duke of norfolk , played with steely-eyed grace by christopher eccleston ) and by forces abroad ."	1
it displays this perfectly .	1
guilty .	1
"today people think of them as quaint and harmless operas , but , back in 1773 when the movie takes place , they were so scandalous that beaumarchais was thrown into prison more than once ."	1
"the acting is good all around , with stand-out performances from ron perlman as the male chauvenist pig johner , and leland orser ( the poor bastad in "" se7en "" who performed the "" lust "" sin ) as an anxiety-ridden wannabe woody allen who has an alien inside him ."	1
very few people would be unaware of beavis & butt-head ( both created and narrated by mike judge ) .	1
"and so , with stars in his eyes , and thoughts of scholarships in his head , homer enlists the help of three other boys ( william lee scott , chad lindberg and chris owen ) and begins to build a rocket ."	1
"it is an appropriate finish : giving us closure would have imparted , at least on an aesthetic level , a sense of resolution , of satisfaction ."	1
""" the sweet hereafter , "" while undeniably grim , urges the viewer to grab onto life with both hands and not let go ."	1
"once we get past the campy character introductions and the numerous ( but never boring ) training sessions , "" starship troopers "" really kicks into high gear ."	1
"from there , tarzan faces tough choices- should he stay with the ones that he grew up with or go join his own kind in england ?"	1
"hanks , david morse and barry pepper as guards are wonderful and are fitting for their roles ."	1
"thing that separates the dogs of war from conventional action movies , especially those made in 1980s , is its authenticity , almost close to documentary ."	1
"incidentally , in real life duvall was just as 'driven' in getting the project underway ."	1
"spacey does a terrific job of bringing his seemingly unintelligent "" cripple "" character to life and baldwin , byrne , palminteri and the rest make for a good supporting cast ."	1
"and i also enjoyed the cameos featuring the likes of rob reiner , james cameron and martin scorsese ."	1
"the english language versions of most argento movies usually suffer trimming , and not just for the violence - deep red and phenomena , for example , have been appallingly hacked about ."	1
"it's at the institution , however , that he discovers a latent talent for relating to people ."	1
what makes her so effective and why she should succeed where streep and lee failed is that she doesn't take herself too seriously .	1
"in the paradise of big eden , what you are doesn't matter as much as generosity of spirit , respect and kindness ."	1
the advent of the dvd format has provided a more accessible way to get these original cuts to the public and provide to film freaks like myself the ability to become further enraptured by the extension of such classic films .	1
for example the role that was scripted for the prince leaves a few things to be desired .	1
he is left to father seven children at his south carolina estate along with black servants ( not slaves ! ) .	1
"dunne doesn't believe him at first , but price assists him in discovering his "" powers "" and helps him hone his craft until he discovers what his true calling really is ."	1
"it highlights the essence of youth , however , and for its exceptional job at this it can be forgiven other missteps ."	1
it understands human nature extremely well and milks it for every possible laugh and heart-tug .	1
"most memorable of all , though , are tom skerritt and james woods , who play rival scientist dr . david drumlin and national security adviser michael litz , respectively ; both , especially skerritt , embody these asshole characters that the audience hissed just about every single one of their appearances ."	1
"the vast amount of detail poured into every war scene is stunning , and there are many episodes that are deeply powerful which resonate through the entire movie ."	1
"by film's end , the fact that jamusch is so effective at illustrating the tenuous bond between the two is a testament to his skill as a writer ."	1
"it is also a sure-deal as one parents can watch , and enjoy along with their kids ."	1
robin hood is a classic story of rich and poor .	1
"the designer draws on a variety of sources for his look , including nanook of the north and old bette davis movies , then enlists the aid of a ouija board to help form the collection ."	1
"( be warned that this scene , near the start , is not for the squeamish ) ."	1
"after all , with a not-really-all-that-funny premise , how can you sustain laughter for nearly two hours ?"	1
"get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action and violence ."	1
"in the coarse of all this mayhem , we are introduced to some interesting - and not so interesting - characters ."	1
"the story itself is a surprisingly heartbreaking one , which is why it's such a good novel , and why this is such a good film ."	1
"this movie ain't about the "" hood "" at all , it's an intelligent film about love , relationships , family , friendship , maturity and growing up ."	1
"you follow his character through the movie afraid of him , but in sympathy of him , because you know how good his heart is ."	1
"if the performance falls short of greatness , however , it is perhaps because the role of the mad woman has been done so often before it is virtually a staple of cinema , whether it's in betty blue , tom & viv or georgia ."	1
he ( truthfully ) says that he did not and asks what happened with that hungarian guy she was dancing with .	1
just be ready for a possible letdown of an ending .	1
they did an incredible job and come oscar time ( if they remember ) some notice better be thrown there way .	1
griffith .	1
"he succeeds in having dixon incarcerated in a mental hospital , and for a moment all appears well ."	1
"eventually , gaz is able to convince his friends to join him in starting their own exotic dance routine despite their initial reluctance ."	1
fleming is able to convey the horror of it all by painting an image of destruction and letting the viewer decide just how bad it is .	1
"running a breezy 81 minutes , this is one movie i wished was longer because it was so damn good while it lasted ."	1
"the curious evelyn unlocks the book , reads from it , and now the body of the ancient egyptian imhotep ( arnold vosloo ) becomes alive and is out to kill the ones who opened and read from the book ."	1
"the movie titanic shows what happened , maybe not with a 100% degree of accuracy , but it still shows it very realisticaly ."	1
"luckily , it's a funny little detour that , while slightly distracting from the film's main drive , is still quite enjoyable ."	1
she's a very bright person with a good heart .	1
"while in alien , the crew has to cope with a = ferocious creature while encased within tight spaces , in event horizon , = the forces which goes against the crew is undefined but yet so powerful = and horrifying ."	1
"george lucas established himself with the dystopic sf movie thx 1138 , and nostalgic drama american graffiti ."	1
austin powers : the spy who shagged me is the sequel to the 1997 smash comedy austin powers : international man of mystery .	1
the two terms have been practically inseparable since ferris buehler took the day off in 1986 .	1
"it doesn't poke fun at the lifestyle , it simply uses it to all it's comedic capacity , just as love , sex , marriage , birth , death , and anything else has been ."	1
"throw in a lot of political machinations , sabotage , brutality , water and sand and you have an entertaining movie ."	1
"silly , but riotous at times , this is an excellent movie even better than the original ."	1
"because these characters are given such horrible circumstances , and since the two leads have such great chemistry together , we really feel for their plight ."	1
"at times , ms . rozema has fanny address the camera directly to communicate many of the novel's more introspective observations ."	1
"we meet lefty ( pacino ) , an aging wiseguy who can still walk the walk and talk the talk ."	1
you get the feeling there is open communication and unconditional love amongst the foursome .	1
this makes jordan's accomplishment here seem mighty impressive to me : he imbues the company of wolves with a genuine sense of magic and mystery .	1
"i dare say lyrical , since to many people's ear , that word is synonymous with boring ."	1
"rational science and all its attempts to cure have been wiped out by the men with guns , because others' sickness and ignorance helps them maintain power ."	1
he tries to find jack's missing cat .	1
"if hollywood is the center of the film world , burbank is , or was , the center of tv's world , the world where our protagonist lives ."	1
"embarrassing to him , hilarious to the audience . )"	1
the acting throughout primary colors is superb .	1
"kurtz is actually well aware of willard's mission , and refers to him as "" an errand boy sent by grocery clerks to collect a bill "" ."	1
tavington does not represent his country ; his unnecessary executions shock his own colleagues and even anger his general .	1
"in the midst of this are two abolitionists ( stellan skaarsgard and morgan freeman ) , who want the slaves to be free ."	1
and it perfectly suits the material .	1
"but home alone actually has a lot going for it , and the cartoon slapstick doesn't get in the way ."	1
michael has learned that nick is possibly still alive and returns to saigon to attempt to find him .	1
"you'd think it would be easy to spoof star trek , but try spoofing it without cruelly mocking it ."	1
"jackie is a flight attendant for air cabo , which flies back and fourth between los angeles and cabo san lucas ."	1
smith puts aside the wisecracking act and becomes a normal human being ; voight tones down the amount of sneer he puts into his character for greater ominpotence ; and hackman is simply over the top in the mysterioso role .	1
princess caraboo is patient enough in establishing its sense of time and place that it might seem a bit slow to viewers seeking a fantasy romp .	1
the main highlight would be keaton's performance .	1
"when it's all said and done , though , the vampires still kill and die with a bloody flourish ; the level for gore is indeed set to maximum ."	1
"as you can tell from the long-winded phrasing common in the merchandising -- "" disney and pixar's 'toy story 2' "" -- this is pixar's coming out party ."	1
"although being essentially the only film in its genre in release now , it may also be hurt by the negative perception of king works , even with the recent critical success of the shawshank redemption and the stand ."	1
getting it right is a far far cry from the teenage sex comedy you might expect from a summer movie about male virginity .	1
"clue is an unfairly ignored comedy , very similar to 1976's murder by death ."	1
also bruce springsteen is completely wasted in a brief cameo halfway through the movie .	1
ideas from star wars and stargate were utilized for the improvement of this film .	1
"ford plays quinn harris , a carefree and slightly slobby ( endearingly so ) pilot in the tropics whose broken-down plane crashes in a storm , stranding him and his charter , new york magazine editor robin monroe ( anne heche ) , on a deserted island ."	1
"i admit i was all set to loathe double team ; it reeked of cheapjack timing-oriented marketing ( stick dennis rodman in a movie , quick , while he's hot , and do something about jean-claude van damme's flagging career while we're at it ! ) ."	1
"it walks a line of insanity and reality , but it never goes either way until the very end ."	1
"left there to ponder her quickly diminishing marriage , foolishly unbeknownst to reza , leila prays each time that the date will not go well , so she will be able to keep her husband to herself for a little while longer ."	1
"at one time or another , according to the industry rumor mill , hollywood has been set to create an animated version of andrew lloyd webber's cats , a filming of the popular phantom of the opera as well as les miserables and chicago , the latter reportedly to star madonna ."	1
"despite this , ripley was the central figure , and that's what is important ."	1
"yes , the movie would have been better--among his very best , i think--if it had a meatier story ."	1
"jeff ( ) is one of those people , who has used the sudden popularity of the small town to his advantage ."	1
"for a supporting character , joan is unusually and impressively complex , thanks in large part to redgrave's magnificent performance ."	1
the movie is played for fun and nobody seems to think otherwise .	1
"yossef is a very stern follower of the order , he is also a political activist who drives around the city in a sound-truck with a bull-horn urging jews to stick together and fight their godless enemies ."	1
alfonso cuaron's visually elegant direction helps to distract from the dry moments that pop up more frequently around the movie's climax .	1
everything looks originally bizarre and perplexing .	1
william haney ( dan aykroyd ) and ted matthews ( john heard ) are the new president and vice president .	1
"the sequence with theron , which is so good that i wished it hadn't ended ."	1
"the soundtrack--an ever-present force in the film--is packed with wall-to-wall hits of the period , new wave upon new wave of songs from billy idol's "" white wedding "" to the smiths' "" how soon is now ? """	1
"he is charismatic , and it's not hard to understand why giles is attracted to ronnie ."	1
david uses the same telephone for calling friends as calling other computers .	1
costner gives ray just the right mix of enthusiasm and idealism to make us believe in his mystic visions and swallow this wondrous fairy tale .	1
"while i was watching the film , many left the theatre during the first hour ."	1
"the action content is impressive , and it lives up to the hints given in previews ."	1
"jeffrey jones , in a smaller , more dignified role than such roles in stay tuned and mom and dad save the world , is cast perfectly because of his noble charm ."	1
one of my favorite films to go watch is plan 9 from outer space .	1
"and toward the end , when buzz and woody speculate on how long they have before andy grows up and discards his old toys , one of them observes , with an alacrity both inspirational and heartbreaking , that it will be fun while it lasts ."	1
8 mm's success may hardly be surprising .	1
"andie macdowell is good as rita , although sometimes she is just a little bit too sweet in some parts of the film ."	1
they attempt to collect the money that bunny owes them and one of them urinates on his rug .	1
"take the spectacular opening scene , for instance , in which a meteor shower obliterates new york ."	1
he develops a lust for the promiscuous young girl ; an obsession which soon becomes pedophilic in nature .	1
""" good . """	1
"one day , nello encounters a mysterious , yet kindhearted artist named michel la grande ( played wonderfully by jon voight ) , who tells the boy to keep drawing from his heart , and that perhaps one day he might land a career in being an artist ."	1
"almost no time was granted on his charecter , who is the most important and vital charecter in the novel ."	1
remove no spam to reply .	1
"i don't know why the filmmakers chose to go with a narration which tells us nothing we couldn't have figured out by watching the first ten minutes of film , and which never resurfaces after the movie's beginning , but there it is ."	1
the performances in o vary .	1
"now he owns championship vinyl , a little musical store , somewhere in new york ."	1
english professor grady tripp ( michael douglas ) is a master .	1
"not only are the two leads ( bridges and goodman ) funny separately and together , but each supporting character is a refreshing comic figure ."	1
"well , i've never seen jane fonda or meryl streep in a walter hill film , and at this rate , i doubt i ever will ."	1
"the finest scene at the end is sheen's escape , and his entrace into the temple ."	1
"the occasional dramatic moments -- one cast member's death , the final resolution to johnny's love triangle -- are botched , a testament to how "" starship troopers "" fails to create any strong , outstanding characters ."	1
""" i'd rather die today and go to heaven than live to be a hundred and go to hell , "" earnestly proclaims the pentecostal preacher ."	1
"this is an interesting plotline that is sure to mesmerize trekkers everywhere and engage everyone else , but , unfortunately , it only makes up the star trek half of the script by brannon braga and ronald d . moore ."	1
"jenette goldstein shows a fair amount of enthusiasm with her role , and steals several scenes of her own ( though her personality becomes slightly annoying when she isn't fighting ) ."	1
"people burst into singing and dancing , something i hardly ever like ."	1
"this was the first major production for john irvin , and it shows why he earned the reputation of capable , yet second class director ."	1
"while "" everyone's "" production numbers make an otherwise ordinary woody tale something special , jane campion's imaginative visuals only serve to emphasize how pompous and uninvolving laura jones' script is ."	1
"and that is as it should be , when jackie chan is your star ."	1
"all in all , i would definitely watch this movie if you like football , play football or want your kid to succeed in high school football ."	1
"the phantom menace features the most eye-catching , jaw-dropping visual look in cinematic history ."	1
""" it was 1899 , the summer of love . . ."	1
"or how about when sammy ( allen covert ) , robbie's chauffeur friend , shows up at a party wearing a michael jackson jacket and - get this - a single silver glove ."	1
"who can you think of ? """	1
"now , with that in mind , coupled with the knowledge of jodie foster's involvement in the project , i thought "" what in the world is foster doing in a sci-fi blockbuster ? ? ? "" ."	1
"ingredients : man with amnesia who wakes up wanted for murder , dark science fiction city controlled by alien beings with mental powers ."	1
"interviews by kathe burkhart , kirby dick and rita valencia ."	1
"that said , a good mastering job has been performed on the film itself ."	1
"his thoughts can make anything real , and he makes the paintings annie drew become his heaven ."	1
"it is facile for the film to turn into a pseudo-suspenser , but instead it opts for maximum fervor ."	1
"at a wedding , robbie comforts a kid throwing up in a dumpster while julia sits by ."	1
"the family side of patrice's life is handled in several , perfunctory and brief interludes that show him talking to one of his children , embracing his wife or lamenting the death of his child ."	1
( the best example of the latter is a klingon comeuppance that delivers none of the impact of a similar scene in star trek ii . )	1
"what those who haven't seen the movie don't know though , is that there are even more songs in the film that are just as worthy of acknowledgment ."	1
"but as dark as its themes are , the stendhal syndrome emerges as one of the most artful and effective european thrillers of the last ten years ."	1
"for the curious , mulan does pass for a man in the army despite looking like a girl ."	1
"the play is being directed by corky st . clair ( christopher guest , who also wrote and directed this "" mockumentary "" as well as co-writing several original musical numbers ) , the effeminate broadway hopeful determined to make this production a smashing success ."	1
it is a wonderful opportunity for dillane after he had to suffer through the denis leary-sandra bullock disaster two if by sea .	1
i didn't much care about the characters ( perhaps aside for elizabeth who is played quite well by blanchett ) and so i didn't have much interest in who would join her in her nuptials .	1
"spoon is an idea for a character at best as written by hall , but shakur displays an intelligence and survival instinct which struggle with his addiction ."	1
his story is told in strict chronological order and there are only a few cinematic visions to embellish the literal story .	1
"what we see , what we do , everything around us is nothing more than a computer-generated construct interlinked with the minds of others through a vastly powerful artificial intelligence ."	1
they even come up with an inspired riff on something that's baffled scholars and theologians alike for decades : the chicken vs . egg dilemma .	1
"the problem is , if woody escapes from al's clutches and returns home , they will end up back in the lonely darkness of storage ."	1
"and with a name like that , how could it not ?"	1
i wouldn't be surprised if this gave people nightmares .	1
"luckily , he has a strong supporting cast ."	1
they board a plane and head to a cabin somewhere in the arctic .	1
"other than these , the film is exactly the same ."	1
"another cop holds his gun to his partner's temple , forcing him to disarm ."	1
"as bride and groom , molly ringwald and dylan walsh are the pivotal characters in the film , but they are by far the least interesting ."	1
"jackie chan continues to be one of the most exciting martial artists on the big screen , continuing to perform his own stunts and dazzling audiences with his flashy kicks and punches ."	1
"the film was shot by veteran cinematographer roger deakins , who has worked with the coens on three other films , "" barton fink , "" "" the hudsucker proxy , "" and "" fargo . """	1
"for one thing , it resorts to the tired movie clich * that two attractive people will immediately fall in love as soon as they appear on the screen together , as there does not seem to be any other reason for their instant mutual attraction ."	1
"is together "" ) , but it's every bit as treacly ."	1
his american buffalo is a set-bound piece that has very little plot .	1
"a young boy , obviously malnourished , is taken in and fed up by several loving mother-surrogate figures ."	1
"the plot ( which the film wisely doesn't linger on the specifics of for too long ) is of course nothing more than framework for the jokes , most of which work very well ."	1
i almost forgot bill murray's exquisite role as the down-trodden lawyer who agrees to defend dillon in court .	1
"titantic , writer and director james cameron's much anticipated and sometimes ridiculed $200 , 000 , 000 epic , arrives shortly into the theaters so the question naturally arises , whether the film is worth it ?"	1
the strength of the script is the way it paints the differences between rich and poor without excessive moralizing .	1
"the fencing team and writing and producing school plays ) and often pulling outrageous stunts , one that eventually earns him an expulsion ."	1
"instead of being "" liberated "" , baby boomers are stuck with their own inability to cope with the newly discovered freedoms ."	1
"as you watch the story of "" the endurance "" unfold , you realize that the disastrous obstacles the sir ernest and his men faced and overcame were even greater accomplishments than the first intent ."	1
aliens begins 57 years after alien ended .	1
"having some first hand and extensive anecdotal knowledge of castro's repressiveness , i can't conceive of his tolerating honest and adversarial criticism of the revolution , and i can't imagine his letting anyone even suggest his failure as a leader of a failed movement ."	1
"once she enters the lifestyle , veronica finds that it suits her quite well ."	1
"even though the midget actor is 30 years old , he is adorable by dr . evil's side constantly ."	1
is it a movie where a person gets ripped to shreds ?	1
"where it does become complicated is when we juxtapose the scenes of the movie into the greater walk of life where we , as americans , have preconceived american notions of relationship , love , and people ."	1
"the audience must consider the significance of these issues themselves , in their own time ."	1
"let me start off by saying that leading up to the release of the latest bond film , i really wasn't looking forward to it as much as i have with some of the previous films ."	1
"stallone , a former emergency medical service man , is chauffeuring a rich couple around , when they reach the outside of the tunnel , before the explosion ."	1
an early fight between takeshi kaneshiro and yuen biao on the back of a horse is to be seen to be believed .	1
"one night , while taking a bath , syd notices a leak coming from the apartment above hers , so when she goes up there to inform them of it , she meets lucy beliner ( ally sheedy ) , a thin , worn-out , and unhappy woman , who lives with her drug-addicted german girlfriend , greta ( patricia clarkson ) , a pathetic former actress who is usually so out-of-it that she often is in and out of conciousness ."	1
"sure , there's directors like robert rodriguez who enjoy turning violence into operatic orgies of death , but to see a filmmaker like wong who actually assaults the senses with images is truly something worth celebrating ."	1
"it is a "" feel-good "" movie , something people complain a little too much about ."	1
the only things that hold this movie back from being better are a couple of plot holes .	1
"the supports are all strong as well , but the movie truly excels in its script ."	1
"this is not one of the great movies , but it's far better than we'd been led to expect by all the negative pre-release publicity ."	1
"yes it may target the catholic community and bash them a lot , but it also seems to rather than go against god and heaven , it actually goes with god and kevin gives a message that there is a god ."	1
"this movie has very good special effects , for the most part ."	1
"however , i think most kids , especially boys , would be pretty bored by this move ."	1
"his direction is steady , and he shows this in just about every scene : near the beginning , maggie has to tell a mother and her two children that their father is dead ."	1
"in his latest film , "" the horse whisperer , "" based on the best-selling novel by nicholas evans , redford again plays such a character ."	1
"in dogma , smith tells us that problems arise when people believe beyond any doubt that their insight into god and god's desires is superior to anyone else's ."	1
"'when you want to drown a dog , you say it has rabies , ' prophesies lumumba of his own fate ."	1
"sometimes , however , there are statements the kids don't get ."	1
"he starts "" categorizing "" life , dividing it into "" top 5 lists "" ."	1
"a lot of good casting decisions have gone into the making of "" the cider house rules , "" an adaptation of irving's poetic 1994 novel about a restless young man called homer wells ."	1
"i think that they should get a nomination for their script chiefly because of the dialogue , which is amazing ."	1
"i like him in this sort of role , rather than the roles he has been playing in comedies such as senseless and she's all that ."	1
"unfortunately , sandler is going to make a lot of people shrug this one off as a no-brainer , but it's got so much surprise substance packed inside that i'm encouraging everyone to go see it ."	1
"the movie is superb throughout , mixing a great script with incredible computer-assisted visuals ."	1
"ll cool j's cook role as preacher , does for this film what steven seagal's cook could only dream to achieve in his two under siege films ."	1
"the thing is , nobody , including howard , can understand how cameron came to that conclusion , and such wild and unexpected news can only wreak havoc in such a conservative american haven such as greenleaf ."	1
"swingers is light , unassuming fare , sweet candy you will want to bust your gut with - laughing - again and again ."	1
"the basic story remains unchanged but , one thing that seems to vanish with this version , and that is all the fantastical elements of the story ."	1
"later , we see him on a train as she sits on a platform outside , mere feet away ."	1
"off course , this is not "" antz "" , it is not as intelligent ; this is not a landmark and no masterpiece , but i promise that you'll find it as funny and enjoyable as i have ."	1
"there lies the main , and probably the only flaw of this great picture - lack of conflict , and consequently , lack of drama ."	1
"starring tom hanks , edward burns , tom sizemore and matt damon directed by steven spielberg already being hailed as the 'greatest war movie ever made , ' saving private ryan is an harrowing , saddening and riveting movie ."	1
but these criticisms hardly affect the audiences enjoyment at all .	1
"tswsm leaves off where the original stopped , with dr . evil's ? frisch's big boy' space capsule floating through space ."	1
"his officer is real , human and therefore flawed ."	1
""" final destination , "" directed by james wong and penned by jeffrey riddick , glen morgan , and james wong , the latter two being writers for the t . v ."	1
"boy , do they work !"	1
"without an image projected onto the screen , the audience unerringly identifies the familiar sound of cowboys chasing indians and can spontaneously fill in the blank screen with images of old westerns in our mind's eye ."	1
it would at most receive a pg rating .	1
"after gaining fame playing larger than life characters , rush flips everything around for this role , using his energy to depict the quiet desperation of a man slowly realizing that the solution to his troubles may be worse than the original problems ."	1
"all of these work in their own respects and have some pretty decent balancing betwixt the three elements of the story , but somehow it seems kind of cliched and unoriginal ."	1
big-be careful what you wish for .	1
"because it is moving , funny , ends with open american optimism blah blah ."	1
"jack horner ( reynolds ) is a adult film director , who decides that eddie would be great in the adult movie business ."	1
"sure , some have painted their faces and smoke joints , but d . a ."	1
but will it be ?	1
"this japanese flick is supposed to be based upon stories written by `the stephen king of japan' , which is also ( i heard ) televised over the air in japan ."	1
now chan must do battle in the freezing arctic temperatures of the ukraine against a group of very large bad men .	1
"all we get are chase scenes and a few nice sex scenes , with a few monsters tossed in ."	1
"and as such , the script by alfred gough and miles millar plays fast and loose with history , but with reverence to past films ."	1
merton sees what kate is doing and resents her for it .	1
"the story starts off at a gas station , where the "" montague boys "" meet the "" capulet boys "" and square off with one another ."	1
"yet , like in the lauded tarantino films , these people still have their own moral code , their own concepts of integrity and their own needs to experess themselves creatively ."	1
my biggest problem with the film is that rebecca pidgeon's acting at times seems very poor .	1
"along the way a beautiful blonde ( gretchen mol ) , more bodies , and a deepening mystery about simulated worlds complicate the picture ."	1
what once was excitement to the deputy has turned into fear with the realization that he is now powerless .	1
"and if i had any complaints about the film , it's that the plot is almost too simplistic , and that at times , it seems too much like an exercise , like a cruel test on humanity that still pays attention to the humanity involved ."	1
there's even a daily behind-the-scenes update from harry shearer that captures the highlights of truman's existence .	1
"but the newly won freedom is endangered by the internal squabbles between scots themselves , especially nobles under pretender robert the bruce ( played by angus macfadyen ) , who wouldn't like to have a simple commoner as a national leader ."	1
the winter guest isn't about resolving plot threads and advancing a story line ; it's about exploring relationships and examining life in all of its stages .	1
"he is detained after a second warning , where he is outed for not being in the group ."	1
"was a lot of fun ( which it is ) , so i didn't see this as anything more than a futile attempt at conversation ."	1
"oh yeah , and she's quite fun to just plain watch ."	1
"the one misstep of "" at first sight "" is in its treatment of the medical procedure done on virgil ."	1
"the jokes come in fast and so do the laughs , with humorous antics between the matron and sir bernard ."	1
"the cast is rather impressive , but no one really walks away with the film , and no performances are extremely good ."	1
the prime concern for this prequel is introducing young anakin skywalker ( jake lloyd ) into the picture .	1
"he gives a short monologue about what it means for him to be an artist , and delivers it with such inspiration and conviction that you actually get to feel some of what he feels ."	1
"sure , some occasional comic relief is welcome , particularly in a film geared for the younger set , but mulan overdoes it ."	1
it's impossible to tear your eyes away from janis joplin as she belts out her ballad about love being a ball and chain .	1
both crumb and flanagan revelled in their defects .	1
"also , it is hoped that the success of mulan , and there is no doubt that it will prove to be a popular vehicle , will spur an interest for more movies with oriential or asian-american themes so as to provide more substantial roles for the talented performers who gave their voices for this production ."	1
"later andy's mother decides to have a yard sale , and she collects a few old toys from her son's room ."	1
"let me exemplify what i've been saying by analyzing a scene from the film , namely the scene where mallory fucks the gas station attendant , kills him , and then castigates him for giving her "" the worst fuckin' head i've ever had in my life ! ! ! """	1
this movie is so incredible because it's able to take elements like these and make them wholly original and believable .	1
"that is , until the mib show up and begin interrogating them ."	1
"these actors ( and they are , with two exceptions , men ) were lured by the name of malick ."	1
"the latest movie morass from hollywood , the crew , appeared equally destined to fail , a strange combination of grumpy old men and goodfellas tossed together with the likes of richard dreyfuss and burt reynolds helming the ship ."	1
"the romance gets started when former musician andreas ( charles "" bud "" tingwell ) , learns that his true love , claire ( julia blake ) , lives nearby ."	1
"afterwards you can reflect on individual images , visions , and people ."	1
"it forgets about money making , because it's not likely to make a bundle like it's proceeders , and that's what works ."	1
"les miserables is , as i've said , a solid , intelligent motion picture ."	1
for this he won't break anyone's thumbs .	1
how can you expect anything more out of a couple of suburban families riding the coattails of sexual revolution ?	1
he showers them with elaborate gifts to buy the love they had already given him anyway .	1
"ethan's conflict is a compelling one , but it seems very rushed ( and comes about because of a near fatal car wreck that ethan himself causes ! ) ."	1
"for all the failed dramatic theatrics , this is one that works beautifully ."	1
his lester burnham is an everyman caught up in the middle of a life that is spiraling into old age .	1
"payback is an enjoyable dramatic black comedy-thriller which won't be remembered as being among gibson's most important work , but is still one of the finer films he's done ."	1
"the movie makes a mockery of the star wars defense initiative , terrorism , board games , and television news broadcasts with air-headed anchors ."	1
"nonetheless , what we get is so far removed from the average moviegoing experience -- even from the reason we go to the movies in the first place -- that it takes some effort to adjust to the film's rhythms ."	1
"irving's books are rich and complex works , full of intriguing , colorful characters ."	1
cathy moriarty and joe pesci both earned nominations for their supporting work ( although neither won ) .	1
"while zoolander is hardly highbrow , its screwball humor is welcome during these trying times , especially considering the gross lack of decent pickings in the theaters these days ."	1
"the movie was filmed in texas , and most of the characters have southern texan accents ."	1
and then they hug emotionally .	1
"given this kind of media mania i wondered if phantom menace , the most anticipated movie of 1999 , could possibly live up to the extraordinary hype that preceded it ."	1
"it's with mandy barnett's "" if you'll be the teacher "" playing winsomely over the closing credits that payne skewers the tenets of his detractors most ; a final , viscous injection of bittersweet irony ."	1
where's joblo coming from ?	1
"truly great satire manages to create for an entertaining story that makes you laugh at the time , but think about afterwards and "" wag the dog "" at least succeeds in this respect ."	1
"an idea which will have the audience strongly rooting for the united front throughout the movie , thus maintaining a screen-viewer interaction that virtually render any holes in the movie acceptable , no matter how ridiculous ."	1
"is it old-school sexism , or a clever in-joke ?"	1
"as well-rounded stories with a beginning , middle and end , they leave something to be desired ."	1
"the fugitive is as lean , taut and tense as anything the action genre has produced in the last several years ."	1
there are probably too many characters .	1
"the real stars of "" out of sight "" are george clooney ( "" batman & robin "" by way of "" e . r . "" ) and jennifer lopez ( "" selena "" ) , whose winning chemistry , coupled with steven soderbergh's freeze-frame directorial technique , help the film retain the charismatic charm of leonard's original work ."	1
"after having said that , i will also say that this movie does all of the above very well ."	1
four words : contract with the devil .	1
and the rest of the cast also make superb performances - adrian lester sharply portrays the intellect of henry whilst kathy bates is perfect as the robust and energetic libby holden .	1
set in a small ( fictional ? )	1
"while tasteless , it didn+t cross any lines , at least not with me ."	1
"a blonde christina ricci is in fine form as von tassel's daughter katrina , and an unlikely romance between she and ichabod is surprisingly consistent ."	1
"stormare played the "" really , really evil guy "" in fargo , and his character , dino velvet , in this movie seems about ten times more evil and unpredictable ."	1
"this has some major spoilers for the film , so be forwarned ."	1
"the show's popularity has been waning as of late , and perhaps this movie is just the thing to boost its ratings ."	1
"close your eyes for a moment , if you will , and imagine the sound of stephen rea's gaelic brogue , silky smooth and irish like a pint of guinness ."	1
"he plays the egyptologist who gets to prove his theory that that "" somebody else "" built the pyramids ."	1
"unfortunately , there were some casting choices which led to poor distractions ."	1
she was strictly an actress .	1
its violent and highly sexualized revenge tale of a macho black hustler fighting back against white oppression and winning was something that had never been seen on an american movie screen before .	1
one of the most obvious is when he defeats maxime in squash .	1
humour can take the tension away from a scene faster than any shoddy special effect or poor acting .	1
"i'll be mightily surprised if imitation fight clubs don't spring up here and there , and i'll be even more amazed if fincher isn't vilified for it by the same humorless witch-hunters that are currently after oliver stone ."	1
"the subject matter is ugly , cruel , and at times hard to look at ."	1
"like harold lloyd or buster keaton , chan takes pride in putting his physical self on the line in pursuit of his artistry and is a joy to watch ."	1
"stepping away from the stereotypes though , viggo mortensen as master chief john urgayle tries to get away from being nothing more than a brutal screamer ."	1
"the midwestern sunsets and sprawling fields are beautifully photographed , and the atmosphere of the town is intensely real ."	1
"even if the script is super sharp , i can't help but find the ending displeasing ."	1
the movie's slapdash quality is key to its significance .	1
this makes jackie a convenient cash courier for gun dealer ordell robbi ( samuel l . jackson ) who is currently keeping his money stashed in mexico .	1
"? tone/mood : where other hollywood films have failed to bring the charm of the independents to the mainstream , this one is able to create its own sense of the macabre ."	1
"there's also a great visual technique which forman uses to indicate the passing of time in one shot , which is both clever and extremely entertaining ."	1
"the script is fast and furious , with no singing and dancing ."	1
"the 'best actor' oscar talk surrounding this film should have netted one of them a statue , but there is one problem there ."	1
"surprisingly , this is about as detailed as the story allows the specific plot to become ."	1
""" great expectations "" opens somewhere in 1970s florida ( the original story is set in 19th-century england ) , as eight-year-old finn ( jeremy james kissner ) meets a trio of people who will have a profound effect on his life in the future ."	1
"the events leading up to this , and the resulting game lead the pair on a strange adventure in a world where individuality doesn't exist , as the "" players "" are forced to perform as characters in an unknown plot ."	1
a great villain manages to make you either root for him or feel compelled to listen to his ramblings regardless of whether you agree with him or not .	1
"fortunately , the film's cast is up to the challenge , and the wordy exchanges between the triad of characters , while admittedly variable , are occasionally wickedly amusing ."	1
"when mulan resolves to take her father's place , she dons her father's old battle armor , and unsheathes a sword ."	1
"men and women of "" the last days of disco "" frequent a prestigious new york city nightclub pulsating to the bass-pounding rhythms of earth wind and fire , amy grant , and andrea true connection ."	1
"we meet and learn about the * many * friends , family members , and acquaintances whose lives were touched by this young woman and her writings ."	1
let me explain :	1
"but , like a lot of movies lately , american history x skims past greatness in the last few minutes ."	1
"the film seems a little caught up with it's amazing visuals by showing a lot of sweeping visuals and 'moving' shots , but they _do_ look incredible ."	1
>from the festive little family restaurant to grace ( minnie driver ) and bob's wardrobes .	1
but election is far different .	1
"the spoon-fed-entertainment crowd may not appreciate this movie , and thus it might last little on screen ."	1
"( the scenes involving him and nello are heartwarming , touching ones . )"	1
"he is charismatic , but has several flaws which threaten to doom his campaign , and strains his relationship with his wife , susan ( emma thompson ) ."	1
"kevin conway gives his general lemay the right "" bomb them to hell "" attitude ."	1
"and you gotta give a lot of credit to the screenplay for that , the director , who builds the film up wonderfully ( with the darkness of the day leading to the darkness in the script ) and the two actors who deliver their parts in spades ."	1
"and , an appropriate dose of special effects helps to bolster the oddness of their task without diverting attention from the human actors ."	1
"to round out the story , mitchell has his own private tragedy to bear ."	1
"in an effort to be culturally sensitive ( and to avoid a "" miss saigon "" -type debacle ) , disney has also wisely chosen to employ many asian-american actors for both lead and supporting roles ."	1
"monkeys , kittens , and dogs of various breeds and sizes are some of the new "" urbanites "" that babe befriends , as well as some wonderfully comical pelicans that ferdinand the duck happens to encounter ."	1
the plot is simple but not simpleminded .	1
"eugene , thus , is loathed and feared by his co-workers , who do their best to stay out of his way ."	1
"it has been frequently criticized for its lack of dramatic structure , but malick clearly has different things on his mind ."	1
all that's heard is the scraping of forks against plates .	1
what happened ?	1
"directed by : pixote hunt , hendel butoy , eric goldberg , james algar , francis glebas , gaetan & paul brizzi conducted by : james levine composed by : ludwig van beethoven , ottorino respighi , george gershwin , dmitri shostakovich , camille saint-saens , paul dukas , sir edward elgar , igor stravinsky rated : g scripture references : 1 samuel 16 : 23 , ephesians 5 : 19 , 1 chronicles 15 : 15-16"	1
the movie depicts some of ( but not enough of ) their customs and rituals .	1
who cares ?	1
"that's when he meets nathaniel messinger ( dennis franz ) , "" former celestial messenger and recent addition to the human race . """	1
this is more than just a battle of who will win the war but a battle of ideologies .	1
"however , the face-hugger managed to attach itself to one of the cryo-tubes , and is sent down with the escape pod ."	1
"frank desperately wants to be fired , but his boss needs him to scour the city and help those in need ( `i'll fire you tomorrow . . . ' he promises ) ."	1
"the matrix has at it's core a good concept , although it strays into the confusing side more often than i would have liked ."	1
"one word of caution , though ."	1
"with her maternal instincts working overtime , margaret quickly ferries the body out into the lake , weighs it down , and dumps it overboard ."	1
it's a freaking movie and i don't want reality thrown in my face .	1
"unfortunately , folks , it's not likely ."	1
"the acting from all is great , especially from the three leads ."	1
"the film also freely touches upon cultural idiosyncrasies from its outset ; although savvy viewers should easily pick up on the intrinsics immediately , it's startlingly assertive in providing as little shorthand as it does to unfamiliar youngsters with regards to the customs and traditions of mulan's land ."	1
"it's one of those movies that , after everything is revealed rapid-fire at the end , you immediately want to rewind and watch again because earlier scenes take on a new light ."	1
full of wonderful swipes at the fifteen minutes of fame mentality that feeds so much of modern american pop culture .	1
"after 15 minutes , the visitor gets ejected and unceremoniously dumped in a ditch on the side of the new jersey turnpike ."	1
"now these five people must try and survive the night and try and survive the house , and they must survive each other with terrorfying results ."	1
"the opening and closing shots are a wonderful contrast to the rest of the gloomy , disturbing film ."	1
"kiss the girls is rated r for terror , violence , language , and suggested sex ."	1
"sometimes a film with such talent is overblown , but the acting is what keeps it alive here ."	1
"that's no doubt -- it seems any movie with critical acclaim makes you think you're going in for the ride of your life , that you'll end up changed on the other side , and you come out of the theater going , "" eh . . ."	1
"his romance with the separated woman , like the rest of the film , doesn't follow the standard patterns we have grown to expect from our movies ."	1
"finally , the back of the dvd case states "" and now , with this special dvd version , you can see all 3 surprise endings "" ."	1
"poor mr . tweedy ( tony haygarth ) suspects the chickens are organizing in some way , but his limited intellect prevents him from figuring things out , and his overbearing wife certainly isn't any help ."	1
"a sprawling epic set in the heart of the disco era and focused upon the ascension and decline of a troupe in the adult film industry , boogie nights is an astonishingly ambitious feature film which is completely effective both as an utterly entertaining joyride and as a strikingly impressive piece of filmmaking ."	1
"the actual gladiator battles are thrilling , but also a bit disjointed ."	1
"as much as i appreciated the atmosphere and acting in "" the others , "" my reaction was much the same ."	1
"surprisingly , he turns the tables on the jocks with some clowning around , but he takes it too far , and is embarassed in front of the entire school ."	1
"as the intrepid ship and crew entered the weddell sea , the entry to the cold , cruel continent , they did not plan on the dense pack ice bringing the voyage to an abrupt halt as the endurance became trapped within sight of land ."	1
"don't know either the way out or the way in ; i am whatever doesn't know either the way out or the way in "" --so sighs the man of today . . . ."	1
"i don't really understand it myself , yet i'm one of the bigger fans of the series in the northeast united states ."	1
"it's a curious thing - i've found that when willis is not called on to carry the whole movie , he's much better and so is the movie ."	1
"no one expected him to light up the screen in grease , nor in saturday night fever ."	1
it's impossible to take your eyes off him .	1
"these guys ( played by jack black , jamie kennedy , and seth green ) are the most interesting part of this film because they're , well , fascinating : they're doing their jobs , which are evil , but the film doesn't view them as such , and they almost become our friends ."	1
"they have a strictly un-detailed relationship : there are no specifics , and they have no idea who each other is ."	1
"the sole purpose of mr . nice guy's existence are chan's comic fight scenes , and those here do not disappoint ."	1
no character gets his or her comeuppance and the ending leaves us almost right where we began .	1
instead he leaves some ambiguity and forces those curious enough to get the real meaning to watch the film several several times .	1
the 'miming' of the actors piano playing is faultless ( apparently rush didn't mime ; he really did play )	1
"mcnaughton has filmed this story with a quiet , coolly 'realistic' method that works far better than any nbk theatrics at unsettling the viewer ."	1
"sattler has a much smaller part in jp3 , but is still present to tie this story to the first ."	1
"yes , oscar could come calling once again for meryl streep , but it's the solid ensemble cast that makes `music of the heart' work ."	1
to those of you wondering if mulder discovers that the truth is indeed out there . . . who	1
does he show it here ?	1
"there's also a good soundtrack running through , by jerry goldsmith ( the omen , poltergeist , star trek : the motion picture )"	1
"this is post-wwii brooklyn noir , for lack of a better label , with a generous injection of rock 'n roll and an all-around confrontational attitude ."	1
you should enjoy it .	1
"the sheriff ( ellis ) finds salted peanuts on him just like the kidnapper had in his pocket , he also has a five dollar bill on him that matches one of the numbers of the ransom money , and he fits the general description of the suspect ."	1
"jeffrey katzenberg , who produced this film , certainly knows how to keep a child interested ."	1
"larry is all business , he simply wants to close the sale ."	1
"hank , the smarter - and perhaps more naive - of the three , insists on leaving the money for the authorities to find ."	1
"however , they are human and question the reason behind it all , why no one cares , and how they can get out ."	1
the dark atmosphere of l . a . - city of glamour and moral decay - is nicely captured by william friedkin's directing skills .	1
"along the way , willard runs into a series of adventures , including one with lt . col . kilgore ( duvall ) , and a strange encounter with playboy bunnies ."	1
"instead , the romance mostly seems to exist for the sake of later plot developments ."	1
"chief elgin ( cube ) , and pvt ."	1
what can you do with a hand ?	1
i consider contact as one of the must-sees for this year .	1
"the film's main character , dr . fuentes ( federico luppi ) falls into the latter category ."	1
"many years later , and after a succession of memorable owners ( gena rowlands , cheech marin , and jay mohr ) , paulie falls in with a bad crowd and is apprehended in los angeles trying to steal jewelry ."	1
"with unrest building , moise tshombe ( pascal nzonzi ) and the province of katanga , which contained 70 percent of the country's resources , proclaimed secession ."	1
"it's quite a remarkable opening , and one which will remain in my mind for a long time ."	1
"written and directed by alda , betsy's wedding is a vibrant slice-of-life , mixing a few dramatic moments into a big bowl of whimsical humor ."	1
"while i was genuinely thrilled throughout , i would rather call seven an "" intense drama , "" because that is what it delivers--meaningful scenes with a relentlessness that does not readily let up ."	1
"acting : as in many comedies , the acting isn't really * that * important ."	1
opening sequences almost always make or break action films .	1
"review : one memorable aspect of disney's "" aladdin "" was that it finally gave robin williams a character -- the genie -- to best take advantage of his comic talents ."	1
you sort it out .	1
"seth's adoration is too much to resist , and eventually he does appear to maggie , quite regularly , although such a thing seems taboo among the angelic community ."	1
it is one i rate an 8 on the 0 to 10 scale and a high +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .	1
"the best of the bunch were probably made by the late polish director krzysztof kieslowski , who was obsessed with questions of fate and chance ."	1
"in the first showdown between quinn and stavros , the movie wears its ambitions proudly on its sleeve : nonstop action ."	1
""" se7en "" is blatantly unsubtle with its messages about the horrors of the world and it's often a little too depressing ."	1
movies just aren't as delightfully funny as this one is .	1
"but even though the two leads do an impressive job , it is dennis franz who grabs us with his interpretation of a hospital patient who knows more than meets the eye ."	1
"mike is there to make his bid into the upper echelon by staking it all against teddy kgb ( john malkovich ) , an oreo-munching cardshark with ties to the russian mafia ."	1
this brings us to the dull performance of baldwin .	1
the sheer horror of these sequences all but condemn war .	1
it is always refreshing to see a superstar actor who gets paid more than enough to forget about working for a living to want to take a chance and play a less-than-savoury character as mel gibson does in payback .	1
"the film runs like a well-built clock , slowly building until finally exploding with a highly charged climax ( and an unpredictable one at that ) ."	1
robocop takes place in detroit in the future .	1
"even the relationship between he and his boss , maxime ( andre dussollier ) is a controlled , and almost manipulated association , highlighted by the fact that stephane permits maxime to win close squash matches ."	1
the farrelly brothers have finally done it .	1
no extraordinary leap of faith is needed to believe in the killer .	1
"sure it's predictable and melodramatic , but for a moment after leaving the theater , i was dumbfounded with patriotism ."	1
"while the comedy centered on goodman , and the drama on the teens , there was a great deal of overlap ."	1
"on the other hand , most logical conclusion of the film - landing on the moon - would require this film to be more than six hours long ."	1
another man is murdered .	1
"when mike gets the gumption to look for love , you will join his cheerleading section as well ."	1
28 men set sail on the brigantine endurance and they would not be heard from again for nearly two years .	1
"and for the romantic lead , we don't get spacey sharon stone , but intelligent and hard-to-get julia-louis dreyfuss , who doesn't even come around until the very final frames ."	1
i doubt it .	1
it would be worth seeing the movie for bates' wild performance alone .	1
the buddy that i saw the movie with was completely confused over an earlier kidnapping of marceau's character .	1
his desire for love and the extinction of hate evokes the most compassion because it is very obvious that he is suffering for no just cause .	1
"however , as the film develops so does ness ."	1
( but e-mail if you do . )	1
"the relationship between dr evil , himself and mini me which redefines a solo love affair ."	1
"each person may be a comic caricature , but there is always a respectful self-acceptance that lets us laugh at these people without condescension ."	1
"and even though griffith is not really bad , persay , she's nothing more ."	1
"dogma chips away at big religious issues-namely , the hypocrisy that accompanies any organized system of beliefs-eloquently and articulately , but a few of the monologues sound too much like blatant exposition ."	1
"judy parfitt is fine as dolores' tyrannic socialite employer , vera donovan--it would have been interesting to see , say , meg foster in this role ."	1
"- and written by brad kaaya , is very grim ."	1
"changing the minds of the dogmatic is virtually impossible , and since the dogmatic believe that they have special insight , they also know what is best for you , whether you like it or not ."	1
"in other words , don't dismiss this film because of its source ."	1
"the edge is rated r for graphic violence , some gore , and language ."	1
"redford is just as in love with the grand montana country in this film as he was when he directed "" a river runs through it "" six years ago ."	1
"essentially , it goes against and defies all concepts of good contemporary filmmaking ."	1
"among the mayhem , she must also deal with her soon-to-be ex-husband , roger ( brian benben ) who desperately wants her back ."	1
"helped along by a warm , memorable supporting performance from laura san giacomo , as vivian's best friend and roommate , and a fabulously catchy soundtrack , in which all of the songs prominently aid in the movie's overall fulfillment , "" pretty woman "" is a sparkler of a motion picture , and has what it takes to act as a blueprint on how to make the quintessential romantic comedy ."	1
"some of the model heads look appaling fake , and quatto is a major disappointment ."	1
"but the truman show is not what i would call a summer movie , the x-files is ."	1
"slapstick has often been regarded as an unsophisticated and even crude form of comedy , but i think part of the reason for this is that it often seems forced : you can only see movie characters start running after something and then crash face-first into a pole so many times before you start to wonder what all these poles are doing there in the first place or why these people don't watch where they're going ."	1
"the initial leader of the group is lewis ( burt reynolds in his prime ) , a real outdoorsman and more of a daniel boone-type then any of the others ."	1
"surprisingly , though spacey did a very convincing job as the street-wise vincennes , the movie was carried mostly by the two rather `unknowns' , pearce and crowe ."	1
"however , some humans are fighting back led by the heroic john connor ."	1
"the cast of characters making up felix's new-found family are nearly as charming as the star , each in their own way ."	1
"andreas , an agnostic , begins to question his fate , a message cox delivers in a memorable dream sequence ."	1
"one aspect that will appeal broadly , however , is the use of special effects ."	1
"adapted from a best-selling john berendt novel based on true events , this movie is set in the bizarre georgia town of savannah , where people walk invisible dogs and attach horseflies to their head ."	1
"he assigns fei-hong a series of bizarre tasks , such as filling jugs with water while hanging upside down from a frame , cracking walnuts with his hands , and other such exercises , that seem like more pointless cruelty but are actually strengthening him up ."	1
the great thing about the kerrigans is that they aren't so stupid that they get annoying .	1
"after leaving an impression with the `scream' films and the original `nightmare on elm street' , craven has attempted a precarious cross-over to drama ."	1
"when confronted , jack relunctently tells him that this mystery woman is , in fact , a muse , a mythological figure who is believed to have inspired all creativity , and has helped him garner his success ."	1
"( actually , purchasing tickets to this film is extremely smart given that it delivers more laughter per dollar than anything in recent memory . )"	1
"even the kidnappers are real people , arguing about the ultimate fate of sean mullen and feeding him candy bars ."	1
less interesting are co-stars kurt russell and jaye davidson of crying game fame .	1
"each scene is grand and huge , and exploding with poledouris' score , but i didn't always want them to be ."	1
"this appears quite inconsequential until the end , and even with a startling revelation it's a tad bit unnecessary ."	1
"when you're right alongside your kid , all of the normal rights and wrongs slip away ."	1
"soon after , jessica has disappeared , leaving everyone in a frenzy over what could have possibly happened to her , and annie starts to have nightmares and apparitions linking jessica with the vicious redneck donnie barksdale , and the pond behind his home ."	1
"there is tragedy in his past - his father drowned in a horrible boating accident , leaving truman with a dreadful fear of water , and of travel in general - but overall , life is good ."	1
"if , on the other hand , you decide to stray from the addition of nefarious elements to your system , i could not imagine you truly appreciating much of this drug-induced picture's entire ride ( 5 . 5/10 for all those sober dogs ) ."	1
and this one is no exception .	1
"stylistically , the hook-laden tunes are reminiscent of bowie , "" bat out of hell "" era meatloaf and "" the rocky horror show , "" without ever seeming like imitations ."	1
the cast is excellent .	1
"woody harrelson has a brief , but memorable part as the overmedicated "" hero "" of the albanian conflict ."	1
chareau's restless camera ( once again wielded by superb and ever-attentive cinematographer eric gautier ) is less appropriate here than in his family transit-oriented those who love me can take the train .	1
"but obviously these small flaws didn't taint my overall enjoyment of this tense drama , a film that gets you right into the streets , into the nooks and the crannies , and into the moral dilemma which lies between the justice system and the day-to-day drug busts ."	1
"however , at least washington was believable , which is more than can be said for embeth davidtz ( schindler's list ) and donald sutherland ."	1
"morris's interviews are surprisingly congenial , drawing the subjects into a carefree banter that gives them more than enough rope with which to hang themselves ."	1
"carter and lesra ( played nicely by shannon , who deserves credit ) are the only real people here ; everyone else is a stereotype ."	1
it only feels like half of that .	1
lemmon is hysterical as daphne .	1
there is no way i could look at this film and say one of them was better than the other two .	1
"this is a great picture , no doubt , and i love it personally ."	1
"the characters remain true to their roots , and yet show a clear sign of development over the last two years ."	1
"court tv junkies will probably pick up the many differences , some subtle and others not , between the american and the british judicial systems ."	1
"good performances are turned in by all principal players in this film , especially by nicholson and hunt ."	1
a basically one-joke idea -- a mouse outsmarts a couple of bumbling humans -- is given a rather engaging execution .	1
"and that , the film suggests , is the essential family state - and you better learn to love it ."	1
"they remain married as a matter of convenience , but , since phyllis won't allow lucky to touch her , they have an unspoken agreement whereby he can fool around as much as he wants provided that no lasting bond is established as a result of these affairs ."	1
please think twice before buying one .	1
"in "" gattaca "" 's series of final shots , the fates of vincent and jerome are superimposed over each other , and the effect is sad , lyrical and beautiful ."	1
"the only other significant characters in the film are daisy's housekeeper , idella , marvelously played by esther rolle ( "" good times "" ) , and boolie's pretentious wife , played by patti lupone ."	1
"gods and monsters has no interest in being a biopic of whale's life because it tracks only the final few days of his life , and it's probably a better movie for it ."	1
"helen's winsome new friend james helps her recover from a broken heart , and encourages her to start her own business ."	1
"soon , harry is wading through a mystery where friendships and lives are on the line , and he no longer knows who to trust ."	1
"augusts keeps the story simple ( which i hear is a good thing , since the novel is so complex ) and easy to follow ."	1
he seems like the last person the risk adverse nick would want to depend upon .	1
"i mean , what would you say if i told you that a new movie featured tang dynasty art , with donny osmond singing , ming-na wen acting , and eddie murphy playing a chinese dragon that makes pop references to batman and the reverend jessie jackson ?"	1
"and in what room , and with what object ."	1
"a fighter for the people , he is eventually captured by don rafael montero ( stuart wilson ) , who also , unintentionally , kills his wife ."	1
it's a perfect moment in a near perfect movie .	1
"marching in a mock uniform around his kitchen is wholly cathartic for dussander : it leads to his torture of a cat and the torment of his "" student "" , among other things ."	1
"the first hour of mute witness is extremely tense , as billy , the quite believable mute heroine , sees members of the russian mob brutally kill a prostitute while filming an illegal snuff film ."	1
"i also appreciated how allen played the fine line between homage to the films of old , parody and actual reinvention ( note theron's entire female persona that is drenched in film noir- very cool ) ."	1
"but her troubles are just beginning , as she soon learns with the arrival of blackmailer alek spera ( goran visnjic , "" practical magic "" ) in "" the deep end . """	1
"lloyd , like many child actors , lacks the subtle acting skills of adult performers , and as a result , his character seems shallow and unimpressive ."	1
"but the best scene in the entire film ( i'm sure i'm not the first to mention it ) takes place when ripley sees all the variations on her as they cloned her ( she has a an "" 8 "" tatooed on her arm ) ."	1
it's all fairly sickening and you have to have a healthy stomach to see the whole movie through .	1
""" afterschool special "" my ass ? "" crazy/beautiful "" is the real deal ."	1
the other standout performance in the film is delivered by joaquin phoenix .	1
water imagery is constant ( an early shot of weirdly rushing green is revealed to be a young boy cleaning out an aquarium ) .	1
"all the while , syd begins to grow deep feelings for lucy , even though she has never previously been attracted to a woman , and lucy starts a battle with her personal demons ."	1
daniel macivor appropriately chews up the scenery as the villainous godfrey and tracy wright lends able support with her complex role .	1
"despite the predictability of the main plot , a subplot develops late in the film which took me by surprise , and made me smile when i realized that everything isn't as it seems anymore ."	1
"it is closer , perhaps , to a chrichton novel than to an action movie ( crichton novels that have been made _into_ action movies notwithstanding ) ."	1
"well , let's just say that he starts to mess with people's heads and one thing leads to another thing which leads to . . . well ,"	1
"an amusement park , a hospital , a private "" retired spy "" 's retreat , most of rome , various houses , planes , cars and other modes of transport , and the coliseum ( ! )"	1
yet this surfeit of signals is made to serve a rather pale and thinly realized love story whose emotional impact is as dry as a desert wind .	1
"another couple is jerry ( stiller ) and terri ( keener ) who live together and seem to have been involved with each other for a long time , yet they constantly argue over anything and everything ."	1
"flynt's rag labored in well-deserved obscurity until he published nude photos of jacqueline onassis , which brought the magazine international attention , big money and the attention of conservatives ."	1
and the soundtrack ?	1
"spielberg has truly made a wondrous work of art , that persists even after first viewing of the film , is extraordinary ."	1
"that is not to say that i found the film without considerable merit , that inspite of its shortcomings , it was worth seeing because of its visual statements , though they were also not too subtle , they were at least effective in setting up the intense mood that the film needed to show that there is a mental war going on currently , of those who believe one way is right and others who differ with them , and that anyone who is neutral must be considered an enemy because of their indifference ."	1
john carpenter directed this stylish and gory vampire flick to which has it's good side and it's bad .	1
"there's just something about him that always manages to be endearing , even when he's deceiving the town folk ."	1
"the two narrowly find each other at the russian roulette games , but do not link up until michael discovers nick participating in the games and tries to bring him home ."	1
you feel and think and reflect .	1
"even if the whole thing proves to be a creative delusion , one agrees with the character judgment passed down on him by his new girlfriend , ruby ( marisa tomei ) : "" he's a freak , but he sure tells a good story ! """	1
i rate it a 7 on the 0 to 10 scale and a low +2 on the -4 to +4 scale .	1
"after the engaging beginning , it starts to falter ."	1
"there she meets the residential advisor pauly shore , who is a city boy ."	1
"murron's death changes that and wallace takes arms and , together with small but dedicated band of followers , begins guerrilla campaign that would systematically destroy almost every english garrison in the country ."	1
"( van damme is a good , dextrous athlete and fighter , but he is often upstaged . )"	1
or was she truly a messenger of god ?	1
the huge supporting cast also play a part in making sure this movie is thoroughly entertaining .	1
"norman jewison directs the film , doing a reasonably good job of pacing and shot selection ."	1
"though not a classical beauty , blanchett is able to entrance the viewer with just a coy smile or an impish smirk ."	1
tech credits are superb across the board with an admirable depiction of the us armed forces being placed on a war footing .	1
"* * * pretty good , bring a friend ."	1
truman becomes determined to see who or what is behind this apparently elaborate hoax at his expense .	1
"still , "" scream 2 "" does so many things right , it's petty to quibble ."	1
things spiral out of control as all these forces head on a collision course of double-cross and double-deals - and a dog that ate a squeaky toy .	1
"this does not make them less fascinating , merely less marketable , which is a shame , because this is a movie which should be seen , precisely because it pays attention to people and emotions that most movies prefer to ignore ."	1
"and it pretty much does away with most of the people on the ship ( including some shocks - dan hedaya , for instance , who's death is comical yet sad since , well , he's dan hedaya ) , and the remaining people ( about 7 or 8 ) are left to try and escape and stop the aliens from doing any major harm since the ship is heading quickly towards earth ."	1
? bulworth also meets nina ( halle berry ) with whom he becomes infatuated .	1
"on the whole , while amistad may not be faithful to all of the details of the situation , it is true to the spirit and meaning of what transpired ."	1
henry succeeds thanks to excellent writing and direction as well as acting .	1
"max von sydow is underused , as are jessica brooks and josh paddock ."	1
"still , it is considered to be one of the finest british vampire film ."	1
nora ephron's contemporary update of the shop around the corner retains the basic plot : two people who despise each other unwittingly become enamored with each other through their anonymous correspondence .	1
"there is the frontier fantasy that if you are brave enough to repel a few indians , you can set up a ranch out west and raise a beautiful family ."	1
"the us president ( pullman ) does not know of the aliens' intention but soon finds out when david ( goldblum ) a scientist , discovers that the aliens are counting down to a synchronised attack on all the major cities ."	1
""" shrek "" is a definite kid film , but not just a kid film for it is a film for the entire family to enjoy ."	1
"casting "" doogie howser "" star neil patrick harris as mind-reading military intelligence is only one of the guilty pleasures of "" starship troopers , "" a hugely entertaining , mega-budgeted sci-fi yarn directed by paul verhoeven , who's making quite a recovery from his 1995 g-string epic "" showgirls . """	1
"gus van sant ( drugstore cowboy , my own private idaho ) direction is first-rate ."	1
"with his pleasant , common man looks , and charming semi-articulate blatherings he has become one of the most likeable romantic leading men of the 90's ."	1
"while carlyle did a fine job with the material that he had , his character just never worked for me ."	1
"bill murray is great fun , and his transistion from cynical to happy is smooth , and delivers his lines in his usual smary style ."	1
"the first half of the movie follows the brothers as young children , and their various adventures ."	1
"seen april 16 , 1999 at 10 p . m . at crossgates cinema 18 ( guilderland , n . y . ) , theater #15 , by myself for free using my hoyts' critic's pass ."	1
"these little contrivances , however , do not hold a candle to the overall effect of the work ."	1
these patterns create interesting textures which are themselves part of a larger composition .	1
"sevigny delivers an honest performance , and makes the audience feel for her character ."	1
"in many ways , "" drunken master "" is similar to most of jackie's other early films , such as "" fearless hyena "" i and ii , "" master with cracked fingers "" , "" half a loaf of kung fu "" , "" spiritual kung fu "" , and others ."	1
"of course , this prompts the scene unfairly exposed in the trailers , in which jim and a freshly baked pie have a very intimate moment in the kitchen corner ."	1
"when the signal is closely examined , many new developments spring up , and before long , drumlin is stepping in to take over the operation he once scoffed at ."	1
"luckily , there's more to the film than some sort of actor's recognition ceremony ."	1
"this sets a new standard for disney animated films because for the first time , the characters do not sing ."	1
"cage projects all his desire and longing to be human in simple , heartfelt gazes , and speaks with the comforting , knowing voice that only an angel could have ."	1
"it is a simply = breathtaking scene , with jesus about to die as a mortal ."	1
"yes , it's a disaster-slash-action movie . ?"	1
"unfortunately , the killings help create a climate of suspicion pits neighbor against neighbor ."	1
"like private eriksson ( michael j . fox ) in casualties of war , shaw initially is naive and idealistic about the war--that is , until his company is attacked by enemy forces ."	1
miraculous .	1
"breakdown has been compared to several movies : george sluizer's the vanishing ( the original , hopefully , not his appalling hollywood remake ) , steven spielberg's duel and any number of hitchcock films ."	1
"a very good cast ( which also includes bill paxton and william hope ) highlights this action film , making it stand out from others ."	1
">from its opening moments , _life is beautiful_ walks that fine line between serious tragedy and uplifting comedy ."	1
maybe even less .	1
explaining why this movie stands out from others with similar plots ( including the original evil dead ) is extremely difficult .	1
"teenagers , action fans , comedy fans , and people who find church completely boring should stay far away from this movie , since three quarters of the film is watching sonny preach at church ."	1
comes a wild tale set within the elite and white trash of florida's south coast .	1
"some may find this scene blindingly confusing , as the reality shifts start coming fast and furious , but it does make sense if you think about it ( and give the script a lot of leeway ) , and let's face it : it's a darn cool way to end the film ."	1
"however , after about an hour everything comes together and the formula , like it or not , clicks ."	1
"this was after the release of the high-grossing batman forever , and it said that tommy lee jones and chris o'donnell were being considered for the roles ( in the comic book , there were no black men in black ."	1
"douglas hall ( ) , his closest friend and business partner , immediately becomes the prime suspect and must enter through the thirteenth floor in search of the truth ."	1
"duquette and perez , however , begin to suspect that there's more afoot to the case than just false accusations ."	1
"in the end , the movie's one strength ended up hurting it ."	1
"we meet ronna ( polley ) , a depressed los angeles checkout girl who doesn't seem to have much desire to do anything except work just to pay her rent ."	1
"it's these details which convince us that when a colleague of kimble's tells gerard that he's too smart to be caught , he may just be right ."	1
"i'd heard extremely good things about this movie , and though the previews didn't really intrigue that much , it was a movie i'd been anticipating for a few months now ."	1
"campbell is very successful with this character , adding the slightest bit of charm to a seemingly repulsive character and making her fun to watch ."	1
suspense and drama ensue as the three men are left in space with their spaceship out of control and the problem of surviving the journey home . . .	1
"this while an airborne division marches by , their eyes full of that mound of dogtags ."	1
downy has mastered the gleefully dry hyper articulate wit of many a hipster intellectual .	1
"daniel's frantic attempt to fool a court officer is wonderful , as is the climactic restaurant sequence , even though i saw the resolutions coming a mile away ."	1
"while the viewpoint of the media as a greedy , self-righteous monster has indeed been tackled before , mad city provides a solid two hours of enjoyability ."	1
she isn't afraid to be seen as something less than a babe and her portrayal of exhausted run-down carol struggling with seemingly overwhelming obligations is top-notch .	1
"the balance of horror and humour is just about perfect , a marked contrast to the earlier remake from 1988 ."	1
could have very easily gone the gross-out route ( considering that shandling's character is given a detachable penis that vibrates and hums when he gets excited ) .	1
life and debt takes a brassy look at life inside this impoverished country .	1
"often science fiction aficionados find material , previously labelled as science fiction , to be pure fantasy or supernatural horror , or rather simple techno-thriller ."	1
jordan's boyfriend royce is also in the military .	1
they disappear and their footage is discovered a year later buried underneath the foundation of a one hundred year old house .	1
"to make matters considerably worse , melvin has obsessive compulsive disorder ."	1
diaz is energetic but ultimately nondescript voicing princess fiona .	1
"known chiefly for the small part she played as the lover whose murder raised mel gibson's ire in "" braveheart "" ( 1995 ) , mccormack shows the true gifts and inarguable talent of a leading lady ."	1
"and so the film begins to take shape , first by following ronna and her friends on a one-night adventure that begins with a drug deal instigated by zack and adam ( who were actually looking for simon ) , which doesn't exactly go as planned , but that's what keeps it all so interesting ."	1
"homage to such films as "" high noon "" ( obviously ) , "" red river "" and most notably "" butch cassidy & the sundance kid "" all bring a sense of nostalgia to the film ."	1
"there's also an interesting scene where goro introduces tampopo and her son to a bunch of street people who , despite their economic trappings , are all gourmets and master sommeliers ."	1
"i certainly don't care what their intentions were , because michael bay ( the rock ) is such a skilled director that i doubt he'd ever make a film that is difficult to sit through ."	1
"it doesn't , even in the beginning--while the pair's antics are sometimes amusing and relatively harmless at first , the humor here is still fairly dark ."	1
david cronenberg presents us with another strange tale crawling out of his impressively twisted head .	1
"while watching boiler room , i was constantly reminded of last year's masterpiece fight club ."	1
"to help clean up the stanton campaign , jack and susan bring in an old friend , libby "" the dustbuster "" holden ( kathy bates ) ."	1
kenneth williams uses a new voice but struggles with the weak part of the 'judge' .	1
director brett ratner ( the family man ) keeps it moving at an entertaining pace and manages to keep the laughs coming despite the fairly miserable hit to miss ratio of the jokes ( i guess sometimes the shotgun approach works ) .	1
"although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment ."	1
"he's able to portray the angst of a man who knows he has very little time left , without making him an obnoxious whiner ."	1
"the script makes many points about society in america today , and isn't afraid to make any bold statements about what is a flawed system ."	1
"basically , that's about it ."	1
"one night , the two travel to a circus , where they have their fortune told ? one of the film's most delightful scenes ? that great happiness is destined for them ."	1
"in fact , he believes that the greatest chance one takes in life is betting one's immortal soul on the truth of a religious faith ."	1
"the films of the trilogy took me away from my everyday life and immersed me in a story "" a long time ago in a galaxy far , far away . . . . """	1
"there are virtually no surprises , and the writing is second-rate ."	1
"so it was in our family when we wandered over to the classic section of our local video store the other day and picked up a copy of the adventures of robin hood , a high spirited version of the walter scott story ."	1
"seann william scott , who's also in theaters right now in "" road trip , "" plays the somewhat dim billy hitchcock and provides a needed counterpoint to the intensity of alex and carter ."	1
"harmless , silly and fun comedy about dim-witted wrestling fans gordie and sean ( david arquette and scott caan ) who idolize current world championship wrestling heavyweight champion jimmy king ( oliver platt ) ."	1
""" some people believe that we are gonna replace ourselves by building these machines , and that may be , "" muses mit robot scientist rodney brooks , who builds robots that run on instinct ."	1
"somehow he comes across donnie brasco ( depp ) , a younger guy with a lot of spunk who isn't afraid of lefty and his rep , and even manages to befriend him after lefty was ready to kill him ."	1
"immediately , the film finds its tone and the audience settles in for an enjoyable time ."	1
there are no fancy crane shots or extended dollies or excessive close-ups .	1
"paradoxically , there's a lot less gore ."	1
"on the other hand , lack of credible special effects somewhat diminished the same effect during the ocean liner scene ."	1
one of the more interesting dvd features is an outtake segment for each of the survivors ( plus one for the crew ) .	1
"by an extremist chain of events , the tape ends up in labor lawyer robert dean ( will smith ) 's posession , and it's not long before he's running from reynolds' cronies ."	1
the movie reminds us of the sacrifices made by our ww ii fighting men and women .	1
3 . they are not to have spoken together much since they split apart .	1
"overall , the truman show is excellent entertainment ."	1
"he proves that a man , on the brink of death , would do anything to stay alive , including sacrificing his own soul ."	1
"they are somehow lost in time , as it loops uncontrollably back and forth ."	1
"`run lola run' , a german import that gained a stellar reputation at the sundance film festival , is a dazzling and kinetic film that deals with the subjects of fate and chance ."	1
it wasn't until the surprise ending was revealed that i realized the film was actually intentionally ( and perfectly ) paced in order to give the audience ample time to re-connect all of the information they had seen once the climax had been reached .	1
"essentially they are vacuumed up by the whirlwind , held aloft by updrafts , and finally dropped elsewhere ."	1
suppose like a grisham novel ) .	1
"the explorers invite her over , and she then tells her story of titanic ."	1
is it a little too sugar-coated ?	1
"a slow moving , stylish psychological thriller in imitation of hitchcock's vertigo ."	1
"never got made , many films like it were , and mant !"	1
"in her quest to make sense out of her loss , she befriends her late boyfriend's mistress , visits her ill sister , and , eventually , abandons her old life by joining a "" back-to- nature "" cult ."	1
"life is beautiful is a self-proclaimed fable , one which tells its story in grand , two-part fashion ."	1
"kirk douglas is the kind of actor we don't seem to see to much of these days : he's a tough guy , but the human elements are never hidden too deeply underneath that gruff exterior ."	1
but i must end my review with a plea to movie theatre owners . . . turn	1
"plot : a young man who loves heavy metal music and especially the band steel dragon , to whom he's devoted a tribute band in which he sings , gets launched into stardom when the real group get rid of their lead singer and call on him to take his place ."	1
"she does , and if anyone deserves accolades from the academy this year , it's griffiths ."	1
and so begins our journey into the most anticipated sequel of the summer season .	1
"i know she took lessons to improve her range and all , but it still sounds like she's trying to hard ."	1
"luckily , his showcase of actors convert every morsel of possible enjoyment onto the screen , and jackie brown has no trouble entertaining the average viewer ."	1
he * became * the message he was carrying .	1
( one of my small gripes is that we never see what the spin doctors on the other side are doing . )	1
"but in the hands of park and his team , the stories felt fresh and inspired , and not the least bit contrived ."	1
"they're brutal , horrifying , and at times beautiful due to the amazing cinematography ."	1
"despite those minor complaints , gone in sixty seconds is pure summer movie entertainment ."	1
why is this such a good film ?	1
"the way i see it , this is the film's crucial failure ."	1
"whether it be duvall's inane questions or macy's sharp anger , the laughs come in a steady pace ."	1
"there's really not that much gore , but what there is might seem kinda gross to some ."	1
"another scene shows her simplying trying to cross a street , but as the camera pulls back , we see that her path is blocked by hundreds of wounded soldiers , but it is their moaning that's more graphic than all the bloody gore could ever be ."	1
"ultimately , none of these characters appears to love anyone else as much as they love themselves ."	1
it includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 ( and is enhanced for 16x9 televisions ) and features the original theatrical trailer .	1
"on the other hand , there are low-key performances from kenneth connor and peter butterworth as barnes the handyman , and there are very poor performances by windsor davies and jack douglas who spend far too much time on the screen !"	1
"make sure to look for a young lorenzo lamas in the static role of the brainless football player , as well as the national bandstand dance contest as one of the film's absolute highlights ."	1
"perfectly downplaying the `fish-out-of-water' routine through his character's attempts at mixing into american culture , he makes up for the down time his character experiences ."	1
it actually gets a bit creepy when death talks to the dying in their own voices/accents .	1
"the coach is just about the biggest a-hole you'd ever want to meet , who will do practically anything to win ."	1
the emperor's new groove is funny .	1
certainly a worthwhile visit to the theaters .	1
but perhaps it isn't a mistake .	1
""" i know what you did last summer , "" is a successful horror film for a number of reasons ."	1
"in what seems like days , she moves in with lonely , suicidal waiter fernando ( bruno ganz ) , gets a job as a florist , learns the accordion , and befriends her neighbor -- a wacky holistic masseuse named grazia ( marina massironi ) ."	1
"julie wants ray to come , but he declines the offer , so karla secretly invites will instead to help boost her plan of hooking him up with julie ."	1
how about a classic john denver song as a death signal for a change ?	1
you won't regret it .	1
"after getting into a tiff with the law , a distinguished professor ( skarsg ? rd ) discovers will ? s genius and offers him a chance to clean up his record and avoid jail time , at a price : he must attend weekly sessions with a therapist and work on various mathematical problems ( that have stumped the academic elite ) with the professor ."	1
williams is excellent as should be no surprise .	1
"coalwood is a coal mining town , and , except for the few lucky ones who manage to escape on a football scholarship , most of coalwood's boys are destined to work in the mine ."	1
"again , oh well ."	1
`the phantom menace' delivers exactly what you'd expect from a `star wars' film which is why it succeeds as well as it does but is always why it never truly achieves greatness .	1
some related to the younger couples' issues .	1
there was no doubt in my mind that she was cast exclusively for her looks .	1
including a thirst for human blood that must be kept under control by a special serum which quenches his blood lust .	1
"and bullets got some very raving reviews , but i didn't think i'd like ."	1
"tom hanks is superb , straying away from his usually soppy dramatic roles , such as in forrest gump ( 1994 ) ."	1
hogarth teaches the giant to go against his programming and become what he wants to be : a hero .	1
i mean 'gi jane ? ' ? ? ? ? ?	1
"does murphy have any human spirit or free will left , or is he merely a computer following a program ?"	1
the play was in turn is based on a time in the life of the playwright .	1
( orion pictures had to edit this extremely graphic scene in order to get an r rating from the m . p . a . a . )	1
"those two robots are sold to the family of luke skywalker ( mark hamill ) , young restless man who wants to leave his farm and become space pilot ."	1
"and i think i'm the kind of person that laughs least at movies , even when i find them funny ."	1
"though an unlikely pair , duchovny and driver gradually warm up to each other as the movie progresses ."	1
"the narration which fills the film ( and perplexes many ) not only lets us hear the narrators ( the characters themselves ) pontificate , but also lets us hear such of-the-moment thoughts as "" i'm scared . """	1
"for now , "" scream "" holds the title as the finest series of horror films to be committed to celluloid ."	1
"because of a nasty incident earlier with a couple of ruffians , jeff decides to stay with the car while amy gets help ."	1
oh i can't wait to see who they've slept with when the toy story 2 dvd comes out .	1
"in albert brook's latest comedy , he tells a story of a troubled screenwriter ( brooks ) who's losing his edge , as his business partners say ."	1
"not as hip and clever as "" shorty , "" perhaps , or as complex and colorful as "" brown , "" but loads of fun nonetheless ."	1
the novel became one of great classics of science fiction genre and it natural for filmmakers to use it as inspiration .	1
the humorous satire in robocop is simultaneously credible and absurd .	1
"the fact there's a dead body in the corner goes to enhance the feeling of paranoia and a mysterious , hurried call telling him to leave immediately is also very chilling ."	1
why ?	1
"if she doesn't want to be the ingenue of the moment , she should have said "" no , "" not go ."	1
"this is a marvelous confection -- cocky , funny , thought provoking ."	1
neo quickly learns that the world he has known all his life is not what it seems .	1
"the music score , by james newton howard , and unsettling use of whispers and ghostly sound effects , successfully compliment and foreshadow the off-kilter frame-of-mind that tom is put into , and director david koepp proves once again that he is a director with a knack for creating almost unbearably tense situations that revolve around realistically-written characters ."	1
"but lest the nasties be mistaken for simple comic book bad guys , john carpenter would like to remind us that they are - and always have been - a truly frightening element of the thriller genre ."	1
"however , legally , did he do the murder ?"	1
"there , an ant can be his own boss and have all the food he wants ."	1
"ironside is superbly evil , with an utterly emotionless face ."	1
there are more players this time around as to provide both a higher number suspects and a staggering body count .	1
"the great thing about this film is that every single character has a moment to shine , and they use it wonderfully ."	1
he has become her obsession .	1
he believes so much in this indian myth that he starts to change physically .	1
what we get here is a movie not unlike any of the other three we've come to know and love since the late 1970s .	1
"al pacino , as tony montana ( for whom the movie is named ) , also provides a brilliant performance as a cuban refugee who comes to america with less than nothing and becomes one of the most highly respected and feared drug lords in miami ."	1
heather was even more of an outsider than they were in high school .	1
"while it sheds only a little light on the behind-the-scenes world of the fashion industry , it presents a fascinating , if incomplete , picture of designer mizrahi ."	1
"he somehow completely misses them , leading jules to cite divine intervention ."	1
"it's not that he's bad per se , but he's not very interesting ."	1
"when sidney finally ventures out to hollywood as the murders become more prevalent , she ? ? ? s chased onto the set of stab 3 , wandering through "" woodsboro , "" written and directed as an odd , surreal , nightmare indeed , this is one of "" scream 3 "" ? ? ? s finest moments ."	1
"the story in itself is not exactly something very exciting and also , the acting is only at most , average by most commercial standards ."	1
"the only sequence that has the chance to be truly indelible is veronica being pulled in front of the hypocrisy of the inquisition and threatened with the death penalty for her transgressions , but it never quite comes off because it's simply too melodramatic and conventional ."	1
it was only a matter of time before a dilbert-esque office comedy hit the screens .	1
"i heard it on the soundtrack , and wondered where it was going to be ."	1
"also , the mostly-unrelated-storywise sequel , "" drunken master ii "" , will hit theaters in american release sometime later this year ( though what its american-release title will be is still uncertain ) and comes _highly_ recommended by this reviewer ."	1
"the cgi whales look incredibly life-like , except for some googly cartoon eyes drawn onto the images ."	1
"i mean , i know the guy is smart and all , but i would have appreciated a little more "" realism "" under some of the circumstances ."	1
the pates employ a number of interesting techniques to present vignettes from elizabeth's final days and hours .	1
"sophie marceau , as princess isabelle , has along the movie no more than fifteen minutes of performance but mel gibson gave to those minutes such a very special treatment that princess isabelle soon becomes one of the major characters in braveheart ."	1
in a very gutsy move director spike lee shows sex without fantasy .	1
special effects weren't bad -- but i've certainly seen better .	1
"jar jar usually performs a comic-relief role in the film , lightening scenes with his mishaps and inability to stay out of trouble ."	1
i've always been told that there are two things in life that are unavoidable - death and taxes .	1
"from start to finish , this movie does not let go of you ."	1
"this movie is about a tragic event that took place a great many years ago , an even that should not be taken lightly as any other bit of historical trivia ."	1
perhaps it's that good ol' southern charm .	1
"that honour should definitely go to the "" oscar "" -winning soundtrack by john williams , whose work on star wars is probably the brightest gem in his brilliant career ."	1
"that's why it's smaller than the refrigerator . """	1
"this basically creates a mess , but the stories can be discerned and enjoyed ."	1
is it made for the scream audiences of the day ?	1
but he is the only person that is not aware of it .	1
"in a phrase , it is everything ."	1
"everything is told from mike's perspective , but we're finally able to recognize some things on our own ."	1
"set to camille saint-saens "" the carnival of the animals "" , this segment features a flamingo torturing his fellow flamingos with a yo-yo while they are trying to perform a choreographed dance number ."	1
"it's not a bad idea but the execution is lacking , with those scenes feeling tacked on to further spell out the message ."	1
"their settings are far removed from my personal experience - geographically , historically , and socially ."	1
( if there was any justice in this dog gone world keanu reeves would be the one banished to direct to video hell ) .	1
"it's very familar , your typical horror film ."	1
"fans were treated to an 8 round battle of endurance and strategy , as much as brute strength , that immediately entered boxing lore ."	1
"the real gem though is stellan skarsg ? rd ? s turn as professor lambeau , an award-winning mathematician who feels reduced in comparison to a younger , smarter will hunting ."	1
seeing black silhouettes on computer screens is not immediately scary .	1
we discover that not everyone in the chidduck camp is loyal to the cause .	1
"and being jealous , she cuts lesly down mercilessly ."	1
the love scenes between the women are especially beautiful .	1
"since linklater only spends a few minutes with each character , the introduction of the new characters gets repetitive after a while ."	1
"it follows his disappointing american debut trauma ( 1992 ) , the patchy opera ( 1987 ) and several mediocre films he produced for young italian director michele soavi in the late 1980's ."	1
"that is the current tagline of "" galaxy quest , "" a star trek - type show that's no longer produced but lives on forever in reruns ."	1
"the direction is fast , thrilling , and never holds up ."	1
the product of his genuis is really something to see -- it can bring tears to your eyes just as it uplifts you .	1
"if you get a thrill from seeing what look very much like live dinosaurs alive today , the film is for you ."	1
nobody's perfect but billy wilder .	1
"while it is never depicted as a very romantic matrimony to start--pollock and wife channel their passions elsewhere--their symbiosis leaves each other picked dry after several years , and it comes down to krasner suffering one of pollock's conniptions too many : "" you are killing me !"	1
"valjean promises the gravely ill fantine he will rescue the young cosette ( mimi newman ) from her cruel caretakers , the thenardiers , and raise the child as his own ."	1
my religion is movies .	1
maybe it's because of how the mundane is mixed with the bizarre .	1
the film begins by disclosing the story of now fidel castro ordered thousands of cubans to set sail and head for the coasts of the united states .	1
double jeopardy is based on an assumption that is legally false .	1
the matrix	1
"after sixteen years francis ford copolla has again returned to his favorite project , making the third installment in the godfather-trilogy ."	1
"so then , we have 25 minutes of additional footage that's turned a decent underwater thriller into something quite magnificent ."	1
"all the cast members from the original reprise their roles , and each is excellent ."	1
"fighting scenes are still impressive today as they were 25 years ago , although they mostly lack gore associated with that genre ."	1
"the movie has atmosphere the whole way through that is disturbing and creepy , and even sometimes downright scary ."	1
"penny henderson ( mary stuart masterson ) , the station owner's secretary , must deal with her overbearing boss , an unimpressed sponsor and writers ready to quite on a moment's notice , partly due to the fact that they haven't been paid in weeks ."	1
"the film requires much work , and can be a harrowing experience -- go expecting a quick entertainment and you'll be bitterly dissapointed ."	1
didn't .	1
there is no suggestion of sexuality in the relationship ; ilona and lauri sleep in separate beds and their gestures of affection lack the heat of desire ; their lives are now bound by something more complex and desperate than love .	1
"proximo is looking for gladiators to earn himself money ( he being a former gladiator himself ) , and maximus reluctantly uses his skills to prove himself a powerful gladiator ."	1
but he should have it now .	1
"the thought-provoking question of tradition over morals is the subject directly at the core of "" leila , "" a powerfully articulated and subtle drama from famous iranian director dariush mehrjui , that is his first motion picture in a prosperous thirty-year career to gain u . s . distribution , thanks to first run features ."	1
"virtual reality is a wizard that transforms your hopes , dreams and fantasies to life ."	1
in one scene marty and lesly are playing chop sticks together on the piano when jackie-o pushes her aside and starts playing a challenging classical piece for four hands .	1
"we also get some great support from stellan skarsg ? rd ( great name ) , ben affleck , and from minnie driver , who plays will's love interest , skylar ."	1
"but the film , is something else , something original ."	1
"i'm trying to save a bit of the film here , it's worth sitting through to get to this point ."	1
"the veteran captain ( george clooney ) is frustrated because he can't find fish on the grand banks , yet a rival skipper ( mary elizabeth mastrantonio ) brings in huge hauls ."	1
movies aimed at young audiences are rarely this visually exquisite .	1
"with the flexibility offered by cgi , the sharks get more full-length screen time as their predecessors did in those remote-controlled rubber suit days ."	1
"just the idea of a witch heroine may scare away some audiences , but no mention is made of the occult , and the subject is dealt with harmlessly throughout the movie : kiki's mother acts as a village doctor , and kiki is able to do no more than fly on a broom ."	1
"duchovny , who is excellent at understatement and self-deprecation as an actor showcases his considerable comedic talent on screen ."	1
"andrew lloyd webber's musicals , preferably his early work with lyricist tim rice , present a musical which is totally unlike any musical before its time ."	1
anything that resembles bananas and two balls of icecream .	1
"written , directed and produced by scott mcgehee and david siegel ( "" suture "" ) , "" the deep end "" is based on elisabeth sanxay holding's 1940's novel , "" the blank wall , "" which was also the source of the 1949 film , "" the reckless moment . """	1
warning ! : may contain some mild spoilers and offensive material .	1
one was _gattaca_ .	1
""" it's good-bye for a little while , "" a less than confident father tells his little girl since it was indeed women and children first ."	1
""" sometimes the 'green mile' seems sooooo long . """	1
act like a baby .	1
"there is a transmitter in every key , so that sinclair and his cronies can keep track of who is ahead ."	1
"at one point they run into each other and a great chase ensues , but richard is just too smart for them ."	1
"expecting to see a lot of one favorite actor is bound to be disappointed -- with few exceptions , these characters are dispatched as the film progresses ."	1
"i also try to recommend films like this : ones that have not been seen by many people , but should ."	1
"there is no sense of stability , but of constant , anxious , and confusing motion , giving us the feeling of being in the middle of the battle , and just a vulnerable as the poor troops ."	1
"and , while there's plenty of horror to go around in scream 2 , the latest '90s slasher flick incarnation , there are also a few laughs to be had ."	1
"secondly , if you are not in the mood to see a very depressing film , don't see it ."	1
"of course , you all know the story ."	1
this contrast demonstrates a wish for change .	1
"it is the story of ? strangers ? , aliens from another planet ( and we know they ? re aliens because they shave their heads and wear overcoats ? one of the detractions of the film ) who experiment on humans to discover what makes them live , what makes up our ? soul ? ."	1
"ranging from the silly to the sublime , each segment is preceded by a short , humorous introduction or interstitial by a guest celebrity host , steve martin ( bowfinger ) being the first and most effective ."	1
"taran , eilonwy , and fflewdurr manage to escape from the horned king's castle just as it self-destructs ."	1
"brian haley has a great scene with a gorilla , while joe pantolianto plays curly to mantegna's moe ."	1
a good job all around .	1
"if you are confused by something , do not worry because it will all become clear later on but , and i cannot stress this enough , pay attention ! ! !"	1
"the producers tried very hard to add more complexity to his character , but it just never quite got off the ground ."	1
"at the end of the situation marty has changed the course of history for the better , and it seems like everything's copasetic right ?"	1
"now adults , brian ( edward norton ) and jacob ( ben stiller ) hold similar but contrastive jobs ."	1
"ten years later , soviets have launched "" sputnik "" marking the beginning of the space age ."	1
"before even seeing a single frame of the film , it would be easy to snicker at deep impact , in which a comet on a collision course with earth threatens the existence of all life on the planet ."	1
"played with magnificent bombast by mr . downey jr . , blake is a cad , all right , but a captivatingly dynamic , blusterous , and stealthy piece of work that bursts onto the scene and raises the stakes to new heights ."	1
"close to home in his native new york , he co-owns both a bar called the whiskey and a swanky uptown eatery called the falls ."	1
"all i want to do is to get to the office without having to step over the debris of our decaying society ! """	1
"she immediately quits her job , and signs on with pfcs , which stands for post-forensic cleaning service ."	1
"haley joel osment shines as nine year old cole , showing patience in his character that few young actors these days can pull off ."	1
"of course , the big question becomes "" who gets to ride it ? """	1
"? with geri halliwell , victoria adams , melanie chisolm , melanie brown , emma bunton , richard e . grant , claire rushbrook , roger moore ."	1
"i've not heard much about francis bacon that i didn't read prior to the film , but what i learned was this : he was a painter in england who reached his peak during the 60s and 70s , drawing hideously bizarre drawings of carnage and the like ."	1
and the movie is just so funny .	1
"he encourages will and tries to give him structure , knowing that , with a little discipline , he could be bigger than einstein ."	1
"now , lets first look into the history of shark films ."	1
"in case you've been asleep for the last few months , the plot centres on truman burbank ( carrey ) who leads an seemingly idyllic life in the beautiful town of seahaven ."	1
a . j .	1
"its main weakness is that it couldn't beat antz to the theaters , making it seem like stale material ."	1
the heavier issues emerge only when you take a deeper look at the film .	1
"it's been said that todd haynes' "" velvet goldmine , "" the film that chronicles what it was like to be a part of the movement , not only from those who experienced it but by those who created it , steals a lot from "" citizen kane , "" and that's true ."	1
"slowly his resentment builds , until he realizes that he can no longer live his entire life for other people ."	1
"the splendid production design seems to be straight out of tim burton's mind ; the smuntz's architecturally-unsound mansion is like something straight out of "" the nightmare before christmas , "" and the vortex of bizarre machinery in their factory resembles some of vincent price's warped contraptions from "" edward scissorhands . """	1
a guy whose entire life is broadcast 24 hours a day ?	1
"romy white ( mira sorvino , mighty aprhodite ) and michele weinberger ( lisa kudrow , tv's friends ) have been inseparable buddies since they graduated from sagebrush high in 1987 ."	1
this is one of the most funny and entertaining comedies of the year and it just happens to be animated .	1
"no doubt , you have never seen anything like this film , and the hyperbolic fanfare surrounding its release is absolutely deserved ."	1
a recurring series of flashbacks makes the film seem more complex than it actually is .	1
"when it comes to living up to expectations , a filmmaker is almost doomed to some degree of failure ."	1
"sure , she wants to commit robbery and has little compunction about pushing a wheelchair-stricken man into a lake , but we can see that to escape her dead-end world , she needs to do something drastic ."	1
"but one day , when he and his equally troubled wife ( annette bening ) attend one of his daughter's ( thora birch ) cheerleading performances , he sees something that makes him come alive ."	1
this film begins with a shot of a peak in the jungle which is reminiscent of the paramount pictures logo .	1
""" beloved "" is challenging to watch , filled with tough and powerful poetry that takes us completely off guard , and instead of a straight-forward , hollywood-ized story about what happened to the slaves after they were freed , "" beloved "" comes off as a cry of anguish from all those who actually lived through what happened ( or , rather , toni morrison , who wrote the novel upon which this is based ) ."	1
"as scream 2 opens , a crowd of overzealous teenagers are piling into a crowded movie theater for the premiere of "" stab "" , and before long , a young couple are butchered to death , unnoticed in the midst of hysteria ."	1
the movie opens on a painfully repetitious montage of bulworth's latest commercials condemning affirmative action .	1
those willing to grant depalma his tendencies towards the extreme should find themselves well- rewarded .	1
"she shows great strength while allowing other emotions to glimmer through - discomfort at challenging reese in his gay disco ( named the deep end ) , near panic at having to dive down to his body to retrieve car keys , or even wry humor when an attempt to get help from jack becomes hopelessly miscommunicated ."	1
titanic is so close to being the perfect movie it's upsetting that it isn't .	1
"in fact , i can't remember the last time i had such a good time at the movies ."	1
"if you don't enjoy this film , then you just don't like action movies , period !"	1
"that said , however , there's nothing inspired about either davidtz's or sutherland's work ."	1
carol ( linda fiorentino ) is the nurse that cares for him .	1
twister is as predictable as any summer box-office hit can get .	1
she is rescued by jack and ? flees with them on their search for valek .	1
"as for the critics who complain that the film is trashy--well , it is ."	1
bob the happy bastard's quickie review :	1
the bus doesn't explode or break into a thousand tiny pieces .	1
it's too unambitious and even a little contrived to really take off as either a powerful statement or an emotional masterpiece .	1
it's that it's just kind of unsatisfying .	1
"maybe she can get through to him , and maybe she can learn something about the money that he has stashed away ."	1
"very early on , we are presented with the high importance of bringing honor to one's family , and by botching her chance at gaining the favor of the matchmaker , mulan fails at that task ."	1
"and , whatever you do , don't walk out on the film before the end credits have begun to roll ."	1
"unfortunately , the matrix doesn't provide many answers to the questions it raises , but at least it puts some ideas behind all the explosions , shoot-outs , and flying roundhouse kicks ."	1
"a movie that will hypnotize you with it's brilliant cinematography , apocalypse now is an outstanding epic drama about the controversial and horrifying ravages of war ."	1
the wings of the dove fits the pattern .	1
( it's not spoiling much to write that . )	1
"the best part of the movie , in my opinion , comes at the very end , when we flash back to the future ."	1
he has thought about his life and made rational decisions about what he wants .	1
the music and sound effects are perfect for the film and really add a certain level of impact to the action .	1
"he plays the gamut from indignant to humbled , from self-assured to disconcerted , yet his acting gears shift so smoothly as to not be registered ."	1
rob schneider gives a surprisingly endearing performance and when his romance develops with one of his customers kate ( arija bareikis ) it is a sweet romance that we get involved in and actually like being involved in it .	1
they cried .	1
"remarkably enough , most of the movie is played for laughs ."	1
although i will preface this by saying that one thing that would definitely enhance your appreciation for this film is your own love ( or past love ) of heavy metal music and the whole scene around it .	1
one is the aforementioned surgery scene .	1
messinger explains to seth that it is possible for angels to become human .	1
there's good news and bad news about mulan .	1
"the filmmakers could have easily set more scenes indoors and narrowly focused to avoid having to show the outside , real world , but these types of simple approaches are never taken ."	1
"one employee , milton ( stephen root ) , is practically a flesh-and-blood cartoon ."	1
not very likely .	1
"lancelot has always been a tragic figure in the arthurian tales , and bresson uses him as the central figure to explore the battle between the spirit and the flesh ."	1
"in our super-judgmental , power-oriented culture the desire for money supersedes everything ; when you have money , you have it "" all "" ."	1
it's a good thing scott stops this after the first twenty minutes or else gladiator would have been torture to watch .	1
"i found equinox , his last pre- mrs ."	1
"the film just ends up preachy , unexciting and uninvolving ."	1
"however , the most unexpected pleasant surprises is provided by todd louiso who delivers a spectacular comic performance as rob's co-worker and friend dick ."	1
"even though the backstory is unusually strong , mitchell never forgets that the production is first and foremost a rock musical ."	1
am i being to generous to this film ?	1
rob cohen ( dragonheart ) does a great job with this film .	1
"mullen=92s wife ( rene russo ) has several good moments , but occasionally just seems to be there ."	1
"aliens , who almost always get portrayed as the monsters in science-fiction cinema , are here benevolent and harmless creatures and the first contact between them and humanity is a beginning of something wonderful ."	1
this awe-inspiring movie deserves to be seen .	1
this is a very real debate but contact boils it down to a simplistic level that never really touches on the actual issues involved .	1
"somehow , the cider house rules manages to keep an even keel in the face of the harsh subject matter and allows a substantial amount of heart to shine through ."	1
"this is a film that should be watched time and time again , with families around a coffee table , and eggnog on the plate ."	1
the good balances the bad .	1
"it's been said before , but i'll say it again--these fights don't just _happen_ , they're as carefully choreographed as any ballet performance , and it shows ."	1
almost everyone has their own agenda .	1
batting average with elmore leonard adaptations .	1
"the new enterprise itself , only seen in this film and its predecessor , remains largely unexplored , though its exterior doesn't look quite right for a reason i cannot explain ."	1
"as war breaks out between bethlehem's army and the postal workers , costner's character steps into the legend he created and goes from self-centered loner to leader of the revolution ."	1
"having said that , make no mistake - primary colors is always enjoyable to watch ."	1
are they giving the guests a chance ?	1
"they proceed to argue until alice tells her spouse a lustful story : evidently some time ago , she had a thing for a young naval officer ."	1
"trust me , you'll be amazed ."	1
this is a solid romance built around that vague concept of love .	1
"yes it's patently obvious , but boiler room conveys it by introducing us to a culture that i haven't seen much of in the movies : the disenfranchised twenty something entrepreneur ."	1
"it's certainly fluff , but it's unpretentious , undemanding , and--most importantly--fun fluff that goes down as easily as a frothy pina colada on a balmy tropical beach ."	1
it's meaningless .	1
an art-imitates-life poke at shallow women .	1
"? there are a few slow segments , but overly , director bob spiers keeps things moving at a quick pace , with plenty of hummable spice girls songs in the background ."	1
there are so many minor conflicts and details that effect the plot and the direction of the story i won't even bother to list them all .	1
"finally , in the last 20 minutes , kevin confronts his last fear - the bandits , head on ( literally ) ."	1
"by the time all is said and done , walter has become deeply involved , as has the big lebowski's daughter , maude ( julianne moore ) , a feminist performance artist , a pornographer named jackie treehorn ( ben gazzara ) , and a group of german nihilists led by peter stormare , who was so great as the silent but deadly kidnaper in "" fargo . """	1
"blade has a little more going for it , and has the vampire myth to draw from -- but other than that , it's the same kind of movie -- exciting , with well choreographed action scenes , but with no resonance ."	1
so as a result while the final product is apparently better than the original ( although personally i would love to see the original version for comparisons sake ) it does get a bit of a choppy feel to it towards the end .	1
"of course , tarantino fixes this by moving onto the climax of the film , adding a lot of his reservoir dogs-style storytelling to it ."	1
it's nice to see a risk pay off for a change .	1
"well , in all seriousness the aliens created here are not only of the monster variety but are also of the soft , squishy and cuddly kind ."	1
""" you know , for kids "" - norville barnes"	1
the question isn't why has grease been reissued .	1
"at the center of everything is irma p . hall , as big mama jo ."	1
matt dillon stars as sam lombardo .	1
"kilmer utilizes one such disguise to lure shue's character into getting to know him even more , which would provide him a means of stealing the energy formula ."	1
"one of the subjects of this new film is the sadness of toys that have been broken or abandoned , left on a shelf to gather dust , and another is the sort of emotional limbo inhabited by toys that are mere prizes of covetous collectors ."	1
"not exactly intelligent comedies , they are of the guilty pleasure variety where you might not want your friends or co-workers to think you had such a great time watching them ."	1
"giving extraordinarily bad shakespearean performances in exchange for food and lodging , costner is an outsider in a land of outsiders ."	1
( michael redman has written this column for so long that he's made mid-life crisis a career choice . )	1
"insurrection , however , does a surprisingly good job of us new aspects of the characters ."	1
"if you feel like watching a movie that moves very slowly , gives you a handful of characters with divergent backgrounds , tosses a few very ambiguous and supernatural cookies your way and is extremely disturbing once you put it all together , well , then this movie is definitely for you !"	1
"unlike in the fairy tale , the prince plays a much larger part than just that of the masked ball at the end ."	1
"instead of a grand finale , we get lots of little victories ."	1
"i must add , at this point , that the most likeable character in the movie is played by kathy bates , as a woman with "" new money "" who is a lot less uptight than the other rich folk on the ship ."	1
"the most satisfying part of the film comes in understanding , to a degree , the expectations of numerous ceos commanding these titanic-type businesses ."	1
"when luis and claudia break loose from lestat , they travel to paris , where the euro-vamps santiago ( stephen rea ) and armand ( antonio banderas ) , who introduced them to a bigger world of the damned ."	1
"once again , chan's screenwriters ( here edward tang and fibe ma ) have taken the easy way out and named their star's character simply jackie , with no last name ."	1
"this scene didn't make too much sense as to why he would take them there knowing the situation , unless the uneducated man was totally uneducated in the customs of his people , also ."	1
"sex object , but instead her character is very strong and independent ."	1
this movie fits in nicely with his previous efforts good burger and varsity blues .	1
don't be fooled .	1
holding the film together is kinski's remarkable performance as count dracula .	1
"although the climactic scene is very moving , the picture ends with a pretentious , preachy resolution featuring a brief narration from a character who was killed ."	1
"it is all pulled together in a sad , dark look reminiscent of the diner in edward hopper's painting , nighthawks ."	1
"the ideas behind blade are good , as is the basic plot of the story ."	1
"why does he have an all-too-willing guide ( cuba gooding , jr . ) to help him find annie ?"	1
"i think he's very funny , but his shtick has gotten forced and contrived over the years ."	1
from there we go into a delightful parody .	1
"nevertheless , he does , based on certain things which happen during the investigative process that deeply upset him ."	1
"slim and odds-and-ends sit in a secluded spot and talk hesitantly , with the muted pop-pop of fireworks exploding in the night behind them , and it seems the conversation will lead to a kiss ."	1
the elvis songs also recommend this movie !	1
"there's something about mary is directed by bobby and peter farrelly , who brought us dumb and dumber and kingpin ."	1
"the filmed footage and photos are remarkable as they capture the ordeal of the men , day to day life , the affection all felt for their loyal sled dogs , the slow destruction of the endurance and the preparations to get off of the pack ice flow ."	1
"i won't go into what these powers are , but they're considerably toned down from the book ( and don't involve black stuff flying out of ted's mouth , a la mile ) ."	1
"toni collette , as the confused , frightened , and frustrated mother who can't understand what is happening to her child ; olivia williams , as crowe's once loving wife who is shutting down emotionally due to the lack of attention from her husband ; and donnie wahlberg ( ransom ) as crowe's ex-patient , now grown , who illustrates his doctor's failure to help him in the most vivid terms imaginable ."	1
"besides a hidden symbolic depth and themes that go beyond what we can absorb from previews , this film has elements of physical wonder and strength that make it just so great to watch ."	1
"austin powers learns of dr . evil's trip back into the 60s , and uses his own time machine to take him back to 1967 , to try to save his mojo before fat bastard gets a hold of it ."	1
"these set pieces are functional in the way the script is : they work well enough , but they're unsurprising and conventional ."	1
"it is funny , it is exciting , has enough action and adventure and mystery and grace and suspense ."	1
"for the most part , the plot follows its source material -- the book of exodus -- although only in the most general sense ."	1
"robert mitchum stars as harry powell , a reverend with a nasty habit of courting and then killing widows for their cash ."	1
screenwriters david levien and brian koppelman entertain and educate in their quest to vividly render a culture that's often generalized by movies ; even complete poker neophytes should cross the line from observers to participants when the movie gets to its concluding game scene .	1
"the pace is fast enough , there are some "" action "" scenes ."	1
"meanwhile , a u2 spy plane photo mission over cuba has produced some startling images - medium range nuclear missiles in the first stage of deployment ."	1
"he also examines the consequences of the malko-visits to craig , lotte , maxine and , of course , john malkovich himself ."	1
the people vs .	1
"it's like something you chase for so long , but then you don't know how to react when you get it ."	1
true spiritual healing ( with few exceptions ) requires the committed believing of both the healer as well as the one being healed .	1
"even so , duchovny and anderson are an interesting pair of actors and a good combination ."	1
"in magnolia , paul thomas anderson tells several stories each just tangentially connected to the others ."	1
the movie begins with the mom's death and the son moving in with his grandparents .	1
salma hayek plays serendipity who also helps her out along her way .	1
"that thing you do ! , complete with a nifty original song that actually sounded authentic , is a fun and enjoyable movie that , although it doesn't become clear if it wants to be a comedy , drama , or romance , is a well-made look into the world of music ."	1
""" this boat's for mommies and children ."	1
"helen hunt , bill paxton and the rest of the actors/actresses give only average performances and all of them take back seat to the main thespian in this movie - the twister itself !"	1
"when spacey appears , the film has already run about a third of its course ."	1
luther ( maurice dean wint ) .	1
"but after drinking in the rich production values , the cup remains only slightly over half-full ."	1
"however , inside his party , more people want to kill him than just the hired assassin ."	1
"the best scenes in "" the horse whisperer "" tend to involve not the building romance between booker and annie , but rather the healing process of grace and her horse ."	1
"tim robbins registers in an even tinier part as a new age-type , a character played entirely for cartoon yuks , but still manages to work its desired comic effect ."	1
"there is nothing like a movie which leaves you feeling all warm and fuzzy inside hours , even days after the film ends ."	1
"oh , the irony of it ."	1
"but despite high levels of cheese and gaudy dialogue , the matrix works ."	1
"young dennis quaid is more than fine as arrogant fighter jock gordo cooper , and this arrogance is mirrored in his friend and most tragic figure of virgil grissom , superbly played by fred ward ."	1
i own the document in question .	1
"at first he is like a helpless , abandoned child , desperately reaching out for love ."	1
will ( barely ) decides to go for the therapy over prison .	1
"alas , movies these days generally have no such ambition to pull the audience's strings in ways which might make the uncomfortable ."	1
"even the modern audience , which would be tempted to discard the film as old-fashioned , could find some values in its universal messages , fit for each era ."	1
"costuming is equally grand , drawing upon both history and imagination . ."	1
you can be sure the pollsters have a list .	1
"will zoolander ever grace the world his new "" look "" ?"	1
"and like i always say , noticable digital effects take me out of a movie immediately ."	1
"sonny is an energetic , pentecostal preacher who has been speaking ( actually shouting ) from behind the pulpit since he was twelve ."	1
"learning tricky techniques to deceive innocent people into buying shares of a good in production , seth figures this is too good to be true ."	1
when it is done the roommates realize that it was easier than they thought .	1
"he's cute , he says all the wrong things , and he's 100% usda hick ."	1
"the phantom menace is a delectable feast for the senses , even if it has some disappointing aspects ."	1
he is also concerned that his wife and three kids will have to go on welfare .	1
"only hobbes and a pretty , female theology teacher ( embeth davidtz ) have an inkling of what they're up against ."	1
"unfortunately , he lacks experience and the quest , that brought him to the utter depths of sex underworld , is fruitless ."	1
"there's a section called "" basement treasures "" where you will find the auditions of the film's animators , six deleted scenes which you can select to view with or without commentary from the director , a visual effects gag reel , a production gag reel , and an incredible eight minute storyboard sequence detailing the original concept for the boat race scene ( with commentary from the director ) ."	1
"for carter , the cauldron of story is a witches' brew , bubbling over with primal ingredients : mist-shrouded forests , ancient graveyards , virginal girls and wise women , wolves with glowing eyes ."	1
"in , "" the muse "" albert brooks plays steven phillips , a hollywood screenwriter who after winning a humanitarian award for his work is dumped by his studio ."	1
"and when one band is tuning up , a member remarks , "" finally , a decent sound system ! """	1
"( michael redman has written this column for over 22 years and as soon as he finishes this one , he's off to an annual 12 night celebration typically held in freezing weather during a snowstorm ."	1
"though it doesn't present a snuff film ( a movie which documents a person's murder for real , usually during or after some form of sexual act ) as explicitly as the cult classic mute witness and violence as shockingly as , say , natural born killers , 8 mm stays in your head long after you see it ."	1
"it , along with m . night shyamalan's _unbreakable_ , is a mature cinematic extrapolation of the graphic novel format which has , since miller's seminal "" the dark knight returns "" , redefined the comic medium as one suitable for mature ruminations on psychologically sticky topics ."	1
"kathryn erbe is given a role meatier and better written than that of most "" wife who can no longer handle her husband "" parts ."	1
you are killing me !	1
"writer/director david koepp has given artisan entertainment , the folks who distributed blair witch a second creepy hit ."	1
i prefer films like these because these are what the best kind of films are like .	1
"event horizon is not your run-of-the-mill sci-fi film , i'm sure many who have watched this will agree with me ."	1
"it's here that carter and lee hook up , and the two unwittingly solve the case while the fbi rushes in to back them up ."	1
it grabs you and never lets go !	1
"meanwhile , the authorities' target is ordell , and they want jackie to help them by arranging a sting to the tune of a half-million dollars ."	1
"in retrospect , the arms race seems to be one of the most puzzling exercises in futility of the century ."	1
and it is the high concentrations of these organisms in an individual which make them particularly powerful in the force .	1
"no gore , no special effects , i just can't get over how terribly smart this film is !"	1
"my thoughts after meeting him on november 21 , 1997"	1
"in addition to the fine performances by the bulk of the cast -- mr . emmerich is particularly noteworthy for issuing his character a sense of sturdy trustworthiness -- the film is immeasurably aided by wonderful production design by dennis gassner in creating truman's antiseptic , white picket-fenced smalltown utopia , and by burkhard dallwitz's original score ."	1
"bulworth is a film with many advantages , and few flaws ."	1
"film title : supermarket woman director : juzo itami country : japan 1997 cinematography : yonezo maeda music : toshiyuki honda cast : nobuko miyamoto , masahitko tsugawa , shiro ito , yuji miyake , akiko matsumoto super features : typical itami film . . ."	1
and perhaps the biggest flaw with jackie brown is the slow middle section in which the pace begins to drop .	1
there's an explosion which ends the film that is one of the weakest looking cgi effects since the president's plane crashed into the ocean at the end of air force one .	1
"though that plot-line is mostly enjoyable , the thing i liked the most about the film is how much pleasure it offers in introducing us to minor characters , all of whom ( now this is really something ) are terrific enough to warrant their own films ."	1
for a while everything is as it was before his mother's death .	1
"and , of course , justin lazard ."	1
this little film was called 'clerks' and this little film went on to become a huge video sensation .	1
just what a summer flick should be .	1
"during the wedding ceremony , will's heart isn't exactly into getting married , and when his brother appears on the balcony with a ghetto blaster and more head-bopping music , will thinks worse of the knot-tieing idea and runs to chris ."	1
"yet , even if they are immune to the george lucas' magic they should watch this film nevertheless , perhaps only to become familiar with something that is essential part of contemporary culture ."	1
the reason is obvious : scorsese isn't as interested in boxing as he is in the character .	1
"and besides , the twists and turns in this movie managed to remain within the realm of believability ( or scathingly close to ) , and even "" explained "" many of its turns with a showcase of missed scenes during the credit crawl at the end of the film ( do not leave the theatre before you see the credits . . . it"	1
it's startling to consider that it was only a few years ago that film distributors would worriedly rearrange their summer release schedules in order to give the annual disney animated feature juggernaut a wide berth .	1
"real life , however , consists of long stretches of boredom with a few dramatic moments and characters who stand around , think thoughts and do nothing , or come and go before events are resolved ."	1
"everyone needs a high-calorie change-of-pace from fall's onslaught of costume dramas and other assorted oscar bait , and "" troopers "" does the job admirably despite its flaws ."	1
a common criminal commits acts of violence for personal gain .	1
"in addition to the above , it is typical of a lot of recent movies in that it is really just a glorified made-for-tv movie , but longer and with bigger stars , and you have to pay to see it ."	1
"in the thirteenth floor , he is back and is still giving believable and amazing performances ."	1
"now there's "" permanent midnight , "" in which stiller plays another jerry , this one a heroin-addicted television writer , last name stahl ."	1
"the unchangeable icy landscape , where birds do not sing and even wind doesn't move the leaves on the trees , resembles kubrick's "" the shining "" ."	1
"it is simply amazing how "" the green mile "" developed in its three hour running time ."	1
"for example , bystander-extras would walk around the block incessantly with flowers along with the latest issue of _dog fancy_ ."	1
grasp them and help fill voids in their social lives .	1
"a bug's life is a remarkable film in its own right , and deserves to be seen apart from any other computer-animated film about bugs ."	1
another subplot involves his father's desperate attempts to force fate's hand by gambling away his life at the dog track .	1
"imagine all of that , and you'll get a good sense of what you can expect from "" the butcher boy . """	1
"also , bruce mcgill is charming as the kindly miller william ."	1
most comedies these days have one flaw .	1
the opening moments of deep impact offer more to snicker at .	1
"i'm not saying that in a bad way , but when you see this film , you may be shocked by what you see ."	1
easy .	1
fox has also tried to recreate the feel of attending the film in a theater with several audience participation segments .	1
"when contrasted against carter's lack of knowledge of chinese culture makes for an interesting scene where lee teaches carter the kung fu disarming trick , while carter teaches lee hip-hop dance moves ."	1
see the best film i have seen in 1996 .	1
"and as , "" living out loud , "" which is one of the best films of the year , proves , sometimes a friendship is the strongest bond anyone could possibly ask for ."	1
"no , but they won the heart of millions ."	1
"it really makes you wonder , how screenwriters really get their ideas , could it simply be from a friend or a bum in the street ?"	1
"white's face doesn't turn , it doesn't blush ."	1
bresson immediately gives us his impression of the essential meaning of the grail quest : bloodshed and failure .	1
"the story is adequate , but not overly involving -- and the major plot points are basically explained to you twice , just in case you go out for popcorn at the wrong moment ."	1
"it is emotionally engaging , but it's not quite larger than life ."	1
"he is 35-years-old in body , but a child in mind and spirit ."	1
"lance henriksen is terrific as bishop , showing that androids don't always have to be flat characters ."	1
"this is not to say that porter is a villain , per se ."	1
scream 2 !	1
but viewers had to suffer through numerous dull stretches punctuated by social and political messages delivered with the grace of a wrecking ball .	1
"arguments for both sides are intelligent , solid , and thought-provoking ."	1
how far will they go to get their 4 . 0 ?	1
"it ? ? ? s more classical , more rebellious , constantly demonstrating the capable direction of wes craven ."	1
"if we were picking an emissary to send to an alien culture , would an atheist be automatically disqualified just because ninety percent of the population of the world professes a belief in god , or at least some form of supernatural creator ?"	1
why do these aliens feed on souls ?	1
"her performance is merely okay , and she lacks the gung-ho enthusiasm that made elizabeth hurley so enjoyable before her ."	1
"ultimately , the other sub-themes may be considered window dressing ."	1
but certainly not up to the standards of cliffhanger .	1
"helen ( weaver ) , after a traumatic near death encounter with a serial killer , darryl ( harry connick jr . ) , has developed a phobia for being outdoors , so to speak ."	1
his job is to influence trainee's into becoming enthusiastic employees by giving a speech that subtly attacks their man hood .	1
"the wiseguys find themselves being evicted from their "" golden paradise "" by greedy landlords bent on raising rents for new beach bunnies and boys looking for beachfront property ."	1
"while pursuing a sex-scandal story amongst the presidential = ranks , ambitious up and coming reporter , jenny lerner ( tea leoni ) = unfolds the wool that president beck has pulled over the citizens of the = world ."	1
heavy spoiler . . .	1
""" never do your own stash "" , warns one character early in the film ."	1
this begins the trademarked coen brothers crimes-gone-wrong sequences .	1
"then , of course , is the cinematography , which uses point of view shots , along with video feeds in order to build suspense ."	1
moments like that are both entertaining and appealing .	1
"federal marshal karen sisco ( lopez ) coincidentally arrives at the prison just as jack and his buddy ( ving rhames , typically appealing ) are breaking out ."	1
"refreshingly enough , the moral lesson of the movie is not self-contradicted , a habit disney movies have gotten into ."	1
aspects of the movie have stayed with me ever since .	1
"but the kidnappers burst out of the house surrounded by the police , taking the two victims with them and in the pursuing police chase , the kidnapper's car explodes and goes over the bridge , where none of the bodies were found ."	1
he's enjoying a leisurely soak in the tub when two thugs break into his apartment demanding to be paid for the money his wife owes .	1
"in the mummy though , not all of the mixing works ."	1
"his name was eric mandrian and he generally wore a long , black trench coat on the show ."	1
"david o'harra is very entertaining as wallace's irish ally , and angus macfadyen brings a lot of anxiety into his conscience-stricken character of robert the bruce ."	1
and many of the events that do happen to ronna because of zack and adam aren't even their fault - they just happened to be where they were when they were .	1
well i'll be damned . . .	1
"both follow the rules , as i said , and both feature lots of bitching , big confessionals , and broken relationships ."	1
"+ note : the ad and poster campaign for this film is hugely misleading , as it features r & b artist usher raymond as one of the main characters ."	1
"the romantic angle , which lets the air out of the sails of the story's neo-feminist underpinnings , lacks any genuine spark and plays out like a contractual obligation ."	1
nice example of such behaviour is contemporary attitude of popular media towards the 1970s .	1
"men that are nothing , and has nothing to loose ."	1
everyone else is flawless as well - the actors never seem to be stepping into the shoes of their characters as much as they do walking comfortably in them .	1
"from scene one on , i was glued to his performance and sympathized with his character as he molded and shaped himself into the person that he hoped to become one day ."	1
they learn that he was murdered--forced to eat himself to death .	1
"patlabor's near-future setting is , aside from the giant robots tromping around , very similar to our own present day ."	1
it's all been a dream .	1
"it's difficult to not consider how leila's culminating interior demise could have been so simply avoided , had the other characters taken a second out of their own selfish lives to consider what leila , the major pawn in the unforgivable scheme , was going through ."	1
"its a fast paced , entertaining sweet and hilarious comedy that may be destined to become a cult classic ."	1
"since scoring big with the untouchables in 1987 , depalma has seen casualties of war , raising cain and particularly the disastrous bonfire of the vanities go down in flames ."	1
"well , this movie is about a girl waiting for the right boy to give her the kiss of her life ."	1
"ever mindful of each other's positions , anna and king mongkut negotiate a maze of social customs , conflicting world views and lost loved ones to connect on a level that ultimately proves deeply satisfying , if not achingly bittersweet ."	1
"unlike the horror films coming from the west , i'm pretty much used to the gore and visual effects , so much so , they become rather bland nowadays ."	1
torn is the sympathetic figure of the group ; he smiles before shooting anyone .	1
"the matrix isn't it - the idea of a war between man and a sentient computer network , a sham world , the ability to plug one's brain into a computer , has all been gleaned from such sources as the terminator , dark city , and a few star trek episodes ( both classic and next generation ) ."	1
"blue-eyed adian quinn is endearing , as always , playing a new love interest ."	1
rob has built an extensive collection in his record store as well as his home and he organizes them depending on what mood he is in .	1
"professional nitpickers would probably have a field day in discovering numerous historical and geographical inaccuracies , but casablanca is still a shining example of hollywood ww2 movie that is beliavable , if not realistic ."	1
me tarzan . . . you	1
spielberg uses many techniques to create for a total sense of reality .	1
"soon , they find out that the whole thing has to do with aliens ."	1
"jim has won teacher of the year no less than three times in his 12 year span , and is a well respected social studies teacher among the student body ."	1
"three men , hank ( paxton ) , jacob ( thornton ) and their friend lou ( brent briscoe ) stumble upon a plane wreck which , upon closer inspection , yields a rotting corpse and a bag full of money ."	1
"there are a few melodramatic parts here , but , they tend to work out well ."	1
it is not a pleasant movie .	1
"i eagerly await menges' next directorial work , "" the lost son "" , which will star daniel auteuil ."	1
"a famous game designer , allegra geller ( a fine looking jennifer jason leigh ) , flees a demonstration of her latest game , existenz , after an assassination attempt ."	1
"in fact , see it for the scene in which ethan hawke plays cards with a host of gang-bangers alone . . . dang , now that's intense !"	1
"maximus has all the manly virtues : nobility of purpose , courage in battle , loyalty to king and country , physical stamina , and devotion to family ."	1
one is left with feelings of regret and despair .	1
"it is then that princess caraboo shows how easily people are swept up in "" sensations , "" an idea that takes on a timeless quality ( and makes the film an interesting companion piece to the current quiz show ) ."	1
alchemy is steeped in shades of blue .	1
"( fat bastard ) all three characters are different , and mike myers does do a good job handling each one of them ."	1
"( before i go further , i'd like to make a distinction that the denver post failed to make , and that is that characterizing african-americans as malt-liquor drinking o . j ."	1
"i don't give a rat's ass for the political point-of-view this film expresses , one way or another ; i'm recommending you go see this film because , and only because , it's an excellent story , told with excellence ."	1
"things change when he devises cunning plan and , while doing it , stumbles on sympathetic prostitute and part time porno actress nicky ( season hubley ) ."	1
aww . . .	1
the first intelligent step stoppard and norman took was harmonizing the events of the film with romeo and juliet .	1
"the pawnbroker they talk to goads henry with ugly words , and henry responds by stabbing the man to death with a soldering iron ."	1
it's too cold and not as fascinating or exciting as it could be .	1
he uses it to great effect in this movie .	1
stone doesn't in any way apologize for nixon .	1
"elizabeth mitchell gets stuck with two thankless roles , playing julia the doting wife * and * mother , but still performs admirably ."	1
only if it could have done in a shorter amount of time .	1
how much more action could you pack into a ship that sinks ?	1
things get off to a rocky start for marcy though .	1
"in "" awakenings , "" the patients and illness were far more satisfyingly portrayed ."	1
"it's a fine line to straddle , but some films ignore it altogether ( "" drop dead gorgeous "" leaps infuriatingly to mind ) ."	1
"being loud and flashing a ( disingenuous ) smile does not necessarily equal "" substantial and sexy . """	1
"they get caught trying to charge the bill to the wrong room , a minor transgression which will later come back to haunt them , but they are saved from hotel security by a charming , friendly australian , nick ( daniel lapaine ) , who takes care of the bill with a more polished execution of the girl's scam ."	1
"invisible hands terrorize her family , flinging objects across rooms , shaking tables , rattling floorboards ."	1
"there is a reassuring honesty to the friendships , even when it hits its low points and the friends commiserate ."	1
"but , don't get me wrong there is nothing but reality , it is just refreshing to watch a movie that is not based in a familiar setting with everyday familiar things happening ."	1
"i must admit up-front , however , that i am directly in the center of the age group to which this film has been engineered to appeal ."	1
"raimi expects the audience to laugh and as the film progresses , he seems to be enjoying himself even more by borrowing the classic mirror scene from the marx brothers' duck soup , then bringing more characters into the picture to comically kill them off ."	1
"the film takes place in an unnamed central american country , where the men with guns are the rulers ."	1
possibly for days .	1
after the war is over arnold assigned to interview furtwangler and members of his orchestra and if appropriate to prosecute him for war crimes .	1
"i didn't believe that they ( mike myers and dana carvey ) could hold it up for an hour and a half , i figured that perhaps the first half-hour would be great , and the rest would be "" fluff . """	1
laura linney ( congo ) and noah emmerich ( copland ) have the unfortunate task of playing truman's wife and best friend ; their sitcom-ish dialogue allow little room for any authentic character development .	1
"ditto for another scene in which reza gives leila a large stuffed animal for her birthday , and then reveals a beautiful necklace he has also gotten her ."	1
the name of the film is a tribute to every member of the crew and to the ship that sheltered them for many month of frigid antarctic weather .	1
"kate winslet , in a pre- "" titanic "" performance , is brilliant , nailing every psyche of her character , and creating someone who's troubled but very seductive with her personality ."	1
the plot is superb ; combining the best elements of science fiction and psychological mystery to create a rip-roaring saga .	1
"after "" pretty woman , "" roberts , along with meg ryan , became the reigning queen of romantic comedies ( with her latest being the just-released "" runaway bride , "" which repairs gere and roberts together once again ) , and no wonder ."	1
"it's in these cramped confines , pressed intimately together , that jack and karen start falling for one another ."	1
schulman .	1
"but then , he was a poor guy himself before he married ( as mentioned later on in the film ) ."	1
"and harry grows ever more fretful , fearing the consequences if his clients , not to mention his wife , learn about his lies ."	1
"it may be the first week of april in 1999 , but so far this year we have been given a movie aimed at the 25-and-under market almost every single week : "" varsity blues , "" "" jawbreaker , "" "" cruel intentions , "" "" simply irresistible , "" "" the rage : carrie 2 , "" and "" the mod squad . """	1
the subject matter here is also a notch or two above animation average .	1
"the news of her find attracted hordes of alien believers , cultist , the media and of course , the government ."	1
"it's up to asuma shinohara , labor command officer with sv2 and the son of the president of shinohara heavy industries , to find the source of these problems before more labors--including sv2's own--fall victim to them , and before hos drags his father's company down with it ."	1
"the challenge presented by this format to the director is twofold : ( 1 ) to make the audience care for these guest characters , regardless of how briefly seen or thinly written they are , and ( 2 ) powerfully tug at the emotions without being heavy-handed or overly melodramatic ."	1
the acting is quite good for this kind of film .	1
"the performances could have used some fine tuning ( in particular , there's an annoying , overwritten manhattan cab driver in the early scenes who should have been toned down or jettisoned completely ) , and the movie doesn't always overcome the limitations of its genre ."	1
"however , if you are old enough ( over 17 ) to see it , starship troopers is guaranteed to entertain ."	1
"he tells everyone the much-needed truth in the rigid caste-like society where freewill doesn't seem to exist , everything is done out of honor and tradition ."	1
"after all , we all know how much tarantino loves that particular part of the human anatomy ."	1
jake lloyd is the only actor here who has an ounce of evident spunk .	1
plot : high-school nerd ted gets lucky when the cutest girl in his class asks him to the prom .	1
absolutely .	1
"the difficulties with the film spring from the misunderstanding that it somehow adheres to the conventions of a thriller or a police procedural when , in fact , _the caveman's valentine_ is a superhero fable that takes on the cause of the homeless ( again like mcfarlane's spawn ) while attacking the entrenched ruling classes in government and the arts ."	1
what he doesn't realize is that the game has already begun .	1
there are so many of these mini-plots-within-plots in this film i would not describe them all because it is what gives the movie its hook .	1
films like this remind me as to what i enjoy about some foreign films .	1
"despite the vast differences in opinion regarding a "" supreme being "" , ellie and palmer hit it off , and even take the time to sleep together ."	1
the film periodically jumps between shaw's point of view and the perspective of the black soldiers .	1
""" both my wife and daughter think i'm this gigantic loser ."	1
"his head gets caught in an electronic field , his foot gets caught in the stirrup of some large beast , he describes being in trouble as "" deep doo doo , "" and even manages to step in some of the same while walking around in mos eisley spaceport ."	1
"alchemy isn't pure magic , but , especially during its best moments , it's close ."	1
"there was some question , as halloween weekend approached , of how well vampires would do in comparison to new line cinema's immensely successful blade , released in august ."	1
"as kids say these days , duh ! , the revolution's current state needs no criticism ; its physical and spiritual crumbling is self evident ."	1
"of course , these raptors look a little different also , so perhaps they are a different related species ."	1
"his accountant ( adam alexi-malle ) proposes a movie called "" chubby rain , "" about aliens who travel to earth in raindrops slightly fatter than regular raindrops ."	1
don't let that dissuade you from seeing this fantastically entertaining film however .	1
"eddie murphy shines in this tailor-made role , and for once , his character shows depth and concern ."	1
the coen's script plays off perfectly and it all goes together to make it extremely entertaining .	1
"remember that this was all done the old-fashioned way , with actual humans moving clay figurines around on a tiny set bit by painstaking bit , and you see just how truly remarkable "" chicken run "" really is ."	1
"one of such movies , one that probably brings the essence of 1980s to the screen , is william friedkin's to live and die in l . a ."	1
"complementing romy and michele's lightness , is janeane garofalo as the dark , pudgy heather mooney ."	1
the 1998 summer movie season is still in its infancy .	1
"( don cheadle of "" boogie nights "" ) , who also becomes involved in bulworth's campaign ."	1
"nevertheless , hilary and jackie is a movie that reaches an upper echelon of contemporary cinema through solid fundamentals and is a decent watch all around ."	1
larry and phil have one way of doing things and have no qualms of incorporating a sales pitch as part of their life .	1
healy finds that mary is still a full-blown hottie and decides to try and keep her for himself .	1
the last match is quite decent actually .	1
fang is an upper middle class professional who enjoys jogging and argues with his boss .	1
casper van dien has the chiseled facial features and tan skin which will make most girls swoon .	1
"he is worse than one of the idle rich ; he is one of the actively odious gentry so eager to distance themselves from the lower class they think nothing of simply eliminating them , and since the house and money are all from mrs . worrall , he is a bit too close to them for comfort ."	1
"the cheap mimmo , desperate to find his wife ( after all , he needs his shirts ironed and his mistress won't do it ) , hires a job applicant ( giuseppe battiston ) at his bathroom supply firm to do the job ."	1
"many critics didn't like all the actors being bald , but it makes complete sense when taken in context of the plot ."	1
"austin powers ( 7/10 ) - austin powers 2 ( 7/10 ) - deuce bigalow ( 7/10 ) - dude , where's my car ( 7/10 ) - freddy got fingered ( 5/10 ) - jay & silent bob strike back ( 8/10 ) - joe dirt ( 5/10 ) - meet the parents ( 8/10 ) - say it isn't so ( 3/10 )"	1
carlito's way will probably make the strongest impression with the two outstanding set pieces which bracket the film .	1
"after watching the film , the first thing that came to my mind was , "" i've got to do a remake of this film ! """	1
"oliver platt is an actor who should be careful , for someday i fear he may induce a heart attack with the intensity of his acting ( though he's very funny to watch ) . ? paul sorvino adds the southern accent to his list of mastered inflections ."	1
"they mocked its slick articles and airbrushed photos , striving to keep hustler focused on "" what guys really want , "" explicit photos that would make a gynecologist squirm , and extremely crude humor ."	1
sid james' gang including cyril his son ( kenneth cope ) try to find out where the pills are by getting cyril to dress up as a nurse and live in at the nurses home .	1
lloyd gives yet another outstanding comic performance .	1
"there is something jarring , something unsettling about seeing the pictures in color , when so much of the footage from world war ii is in black and white ."	1
"edward mckinley ) pleading for hrundi's ejection from hollywood , everything is pretty much over for hrundi ."	1
"on the negative side , the cinematography in this film is nothing special , the film stock is rather primitive , the plot is often rather slow , and the subtitles are sometimes extremely hard to read against the background ."	1
brown director john madden gives us a story of the bard himself in the wonderfully vibrant shakespeare in love .	1
"it exists even moreso to set a mood of tension and restlesness , and perhaps even feelings of boredom ."	1
"if this bothers you , please note the 3 star rating of the film and stop reading now ."	1
"by including the vignettes , itami ran the risk of creating a disjointed film , but surprisingly , they do not interrupt the pacing of the main storyline ."	1
it is not much that you remember of it after you leave the theater .	1
"one of the letters is sent by a young mother with her nine-year old son , looking for their father ."	1
"their journey hits a few rough spots creatively along the way , mostly the fault of writer matthew weiss ."	1
perhaps the best thing about jackie brown is the discovery of pam grier as a major hollywood actress .	1
"as the injured bus driver , gabrielle rose , dolores driscoll plays the role of a dedicated individual who loves kids with a passion and for whom the tragedy takes on special meaning ."	1
the mixture of comedy and tension blended nicely .	1
"the three salesmen have different things on their mind that is troubling them and a different attitude to their job , and they are each going through internal changes that are profoundly altering their life ."	1
"the final shot of midnight cowboy shows joe inside the bus , more introspective , taking only a few glances outside the window ."	1
"for the occasion . """	1
"hanks proves to be a capable writer-director , deftly recreating the innocent spirit of 1964 , which hanks calls "" the last innocent year . """	1
"[warning : my opinion of this film is definitely in the minority of reviewers perhaps because it hits so many of my cinematic buttons : post-apocalypse stories , hope in a desperate situation , grassroots uprisings and kevin costner ."	1
"the entire cast does the material justice -- clooney and lopez coming into their own , and rhames and cheadle cementing their positions as two of my favorites ."	1
"sometime in the future , humanity is threatened by giant , malevolent insects which have evolved into twenty-foot-tall action figures ( arachnids with super-impaling spikes , beetles that spew forth lava , dragonflies with guillotine legs ) ."	1
action and science fiction just don't get any better than this !	1
both films consist of a predominately male cast .	1
the effects are tremendous .	1
""" don't start trying to do the right thing , boy-o , "" says he ."	1
"and in addition to making clear how each of these characters sees the world , fincher gives us support for * why * they feel the way they do ."	1
the supporting cast who appear in this movie alone are also pretty good .	1
"although some of his dialogue seemed to be written without enough conviction , norton's performance compensated ."	1
"pullman's performance is much more layered than it might seem at first glance , and the occasional voice-over as he's going through the motions of his job are insightful and often hilarious ."	1
"there's more than a tinge of poignancy to it as well , simply because you know it's not going to be a happy ending ."	1
he and harrelson look like they really could be brothers .	1
if not cause some serious problems in the running of the store .	1
"as skeptical as nicholas is , he is somewhat intrigued , and annoyed by the lack of information--something this businessman hates ."	1
"john cusack has finally been given a chance to prove his ability , and he does it well ."	1
life seems to move forward a little faster than they can get a handle on their problems .	1
is really a showcase for the acting talents of the amazing young osment .	1
"however , not everyone in town wants it to happen ."	1
the film's final few minutes should have been left on the cutting room floor .	1
"it moves admirably from one scene to the next , without much basis of their being , while presenting us with the two days in the life of writer hunter s . thompson during which he seemed to consume more drugs and alcohol than anyone could ever imagine ."	1
"cameron diaz makes her totally charming , and the audience respects her , even though women in general do not usually undress before an open window ."	1
"with these additional scenes replaced , l ? on and matilda's relationship brings you emotionally closer to the film and draws stronger bonds between the characters that were murky in the american version ."	1
"strangely , the release he finds while sobbing on bob's breasts allows him to sleep at night , at least until a fellow group-therapy "" tourist "" named marla singer ( carter ) comes along to ruin things for him , forcing a grudging compromise that recalls monty python in its dark hilarity ."	1
he is upset over the coverup surrounding the accident during the testing .	1
film also lacks proper closure .	1
"this stunt , building an aquarium on the school's baseball diamond , is a plot to steal the heart of widowed elementary teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) ."	1
they're just a group of simpletons whose naive nature is perfectly harmless and even endearing .	1
"the enjoyed this movie , although it seemed a tad lengthy ( even though it only runs 99 min . ) ."	1
"undeterred by tom's initial reluctance to get involved , annie drives grace and a sedated pilgrim across country to meet him , and finally persuades tom to work with the uncontrollable animal ."	1
the only ones who seem to still lionize him are those members of his generation . same	1
he has said that no force on earth or heaven could get him back near real dinosaurs .	1
"well , what do you expect ?"	1
"as an added bonus though , the audience is treated to outtakes from the film as the final credits roll ."	1
"aside from being a brilliant satire , south park is also an all-stops-out musical , with unforgettable numbers like "" shut your f * * * ing face uncle f * * * er "" and "" cartman's mom is a big fat bitch "" ."	1
the story concerns the ambitious suzanne stone and how she tackles the obstacles between her and her life long ambition of being 'on tv . '	1
"meanwhile , roper tries to rekindle a relationship with his british ex-girlfriend veronica , while helping to rear a new up and comer from swat who's an expert sniper and marksman ( michael rappaport ) ."	1
"han solo , played by harrison ford , and his sidekick chewbacca , played by peter mayhew , are consulted about providing a ship to complete the tasks necessary ."	1
this works surprisingly well .	1
"this one features bettany , once again , slowly torturing , hacking and beating the living piss out of a rival gangster ( from that man's point-of-view ) , but not before turning on a quaint little tune in the background and removing all of his own expensive clothes , one by one ( that's right , he "" does "" the guy in his underwear ) ."	1
"everything seems to be going great for these little things until the ground erupts with swarms of evil , black bat-like triangles that attack and engulf their lighter counterparts ."	1
"syd quickly strikes up a conversation with lucy , and discovers that she used to be an acclaimed photographer ten years before ."	1
"stendhal's syndrome : a condition where , in the presence of art , a person becomes engulfed in a painting and hallucinates and may afterwards suffer symptoms such as depression , suicidal behaviour and personality disorder ."	1
"ok , but what about comparing ?"	1
he takes a look at the complexities inherent when so many secrets and lies are involved .	1
the story of us is about their entire 15 years of marriage that is collapsing day by day .	1
"on his way up the stairs , he tells her that "" families suck "" and that he hopes never to see any of his family again ."	1
"if seen as a film onto itself , rather than an adaptation , angela's ashes stands tall ."	1
"the first was the dumb , pathetic but ok remake of the classic 'the haunting' ."	1
the scenery is so different from anything i have ever seen before .	1
"brando is in the film for no more than 15 minutes , but is bathed in shadows the entire time , making the last half hour of the film visually pathetic ."	1
look for alec guinness ( obi-wan kenobi from the first star wars trilogy ) in a small role as the evil reaper .	1
"in the early going , it has a downright dangerous feel ; it seems to be saying that violence and civil disobedience are good for the soul , and this is undoubtedly the message that a few moronic punks are going to take from it ."	1
"daisy is strong-willed and set in her ways , and , from the outset , she is utterly opposed to the idea of having a chauffeur ."	1
"wild things isn't even remotely plausible , but it is so fun to see where the story takes us that the implausibility of every scene is meaningless , and often invited , just for kicks ."	1
"the castle is actually the home of a race of aliens from the planet transsexual ( in the galaxy of transylvania ) , who are lead by the eccentric fishnet-stocking wearing mad scientist dr . frank-n-furter ( tim curry ) ."	1
"fragmentary character of the screenplay , which doesn't have straight plot and instead bases film on series of loosely connected vignettes , gives another interesting opportunity for scorsese ."	1
"it may not be the greatest war movie in my opinion , but it's certainly one of the best war movies made , and one of the best of 1998 ."	1
"but , on the whole , it is frustrating ."	1
"the latter will , however , help with an international release ."	1
but it has a lot of virtues as well .	1
no pun intended .	1
"as we watch jordan's battle , it's increasingly clear that it is a personal battle ."	1
"i've never been a huge fan of jeff bridges , but i loved him in the big lebowski ."	1
"i know what happened but you shouldn't take my word alone . """	1
( 7/10 ) .	1
"( bush encouraged them to rise up against the government , but provided no military support for such cause . )"	1
"if you're looking for good ol' dumb suspense movie , you can't do much better than this ."	1
michael returns home and does not feel at all like a hero .	1
and he invites him to his place .	1
"there's also behind the scenes footage of the shooting of the film , a clip with trey , matt , and lemmy ( of the band motorhead ) from the film terror firmer , an index for easy location of all of the songs in the film , and finally , an index of all the songs as performed by the cast of a stage production of cannibal ! ."	1
insurrection is a lighter movie than the last two star trek films .	1
"difficult to say the least , shalhoub does it with a naturalness you can almost reach out and touch ."	1
i'll tell you i was .	1
"tracking down her address , he shows up at her place begging her to come back to work so that he can eat breakfast ."	1
"'you're blowing this out of proportion , ' he says of her concerns about reese , not comprehending that his mom has enough insight to have divined the true nature of the relationship ."	1
is it right to make this genius follow in the footsteps of einstein and kasinsky ?	1
"however , kathy isn't completly honest to them ."	1
"he suffers no pangs of conscience when he takes revenge on his family's behalf , and in this he is supposed to be strong in the uncomplicated way don vito corleone was ."	1
"at first she resist , but her love for jan and his assurance that this will make him recover more rapidly make her comply ."	1
"why should somerset believe that by following this murder investigation and "" picking up the pieces "" he will be able to catch the killer ?"	1
"after the mysterious murder of computer program designer hammond fuller , played by armin mueller-stahl , douglas hall , played by craig bierko , a man that worked under fuller for many years , must travel through an electronic computer device that fuller was using , to the year 1937 , which consists of computer generated characters only ."	1
"it may not go down as an all-time classic , but it certainly delivers what you expect from a comedy : plenty of laughs ."	1
"dr . evil tells mini me , "" you complete me , "" in a loving manner ."	1
"in fact , the film isn't really about pornography at all ."	1
"comedy is perhaps the most subjective of genres , so take my recommendation as you will : for me , the big lebowski is very funny ."	1
the story is propelled by a device in which bulworth puts out a contract on his own life ( he muses later that it's a bad thing to make decisions when you're suicidal ) ; he keeps seeing a man in sunglasses ( graham beckel ) whom he believes to be the hitman .	1
non-traditional relationships are presented as matter-of-fact .	1
"peter weir keeps the film going , clearly having fun ."	1
"alien introduced ripley as smart and resourceful ; aliens simultaneously toughened her up and made her more vulnerable , exploring her maternal side ; alien3 saw her undergoing the seven stages of death ."	1
anderson is very appreciative of the animators who worked with him and often points out which animator worked on each scene as they occur .	1
"all the rest displays a compilation of footage , mostly from the concert at the palladium in new york city , halloween 1979 ."	1
"fortunately , there is more to this movie than this somewhat sheer plot ."	1
"they both have strong-willed redheaded heroines , they both exploit the class differences between the aristocracy and the slaves/steerage bums , they were both incredibly expensive and popular . . ."	1
there he meets a successful businessman named claude banks ( martin lawrence ) .	1
only fred is still a bachelor .	1
anderson is audacious enough to even have a group sing in the middle of the film !	1
"synopsis : in this cultural exploration , a chinese american computer engineer named fang ( peter wang ) decides to take a month-long vacation to visit his sister mrs . chao ( shen guanglan ) , her husband mr . chao ( hy xiaoguang ) , and their teenage daughter lili ( li qinqin ) in beijing after 30 years of separation ."	1
audiences unfamiliar with trek lore may miss the significance of some plot points and may even become confused at times .	1
girl steps to boy's defense .	1
"this development inspires plans for a lucrative trading venture for mr . worrall , and an introduction into elite social circles for mrs . worrall ."	1
"hey , hollywood , how about this : a remake with harrison ford and anne heche ?"	1
"but for me , it's not even close ."	1
"however , they have more in mind than fishing when they catch sight of two young girls , sandra ( carol hawkins ) and carol ( sherrie hewson ) ."	1
"ned's prize is over six million pounds , but the shock of winning killed the poor old man , and the check remains unclaimed ."	1
"full metal jacket , very much like every other hard-hitting film about the vietnam war , is an shocking , emotional depiction of the war that effected almost everyone in america ."	1
"the complications are , however no more and no fewer than are needed to make the story believable ."	1
who knew ? )	1
"from what i can see , this is basically a perfect film ."	1
"i don't want to give away too much of the story of "" session 9 , "" so i'll stop there ."	1
"van damme is jack quinn , an ex-agent who is brought back in for "" one last mission "" -- you'd think any spy worth his shoe phone would run like hell when he hears those words ."	1
"there are , as always , amusing exchanges between characters ."	1
"but , no matter what the genre , he is always sure to give it the altman stamp , which usually consists of all kinds of idiosyncratic quirks and little details that are often missed without repeat viewings ."	1
tighter direction could have given the climax more urgency and a few of the characters act rather illogically given their life-threatening situation .	1
originally rated nc-17 for language .	1
"taran , eilonwy , and fflewdurr watch in horror as the horned king unleashes the supernatural powers of the cauldron to ressurect his army of deathless warriors ( this is the most horrifying scene in the film , because here , a dead army comes alive ? ) ."	1
"george clooney is the protagonist , a risky choice after such duds as batman and robin and the peacemaker , but for once i didn't want to slap the taste out of his mouth ."	1
his is an interesting character .	1
"it may not be an honour that instills the filmmakers with pride , but as far as i can tell oliver stone's script contains the said expletitive more times than any other film in cinema history ."	1
the former model's first major role is a winner .	1
"it was a very dark film , and the language was extremely harsh ."	1
"we know just as little as he does as to why his wife was killed , so as he learns more so do we ."	1
the truman show takes us into a world that revolves around one man .	1
"in one heartbreaking scene , he is whipped for allegedly deserting the army ."	1
"fortunately , this doesn't distract from the seriousness of the rest of the film , but instead provides some nice breathers from the level of tension which gray manages to sustain throughout ."	1
"however , jackie chan still maintains his comic-slapstick edge , as expected of him and his films ."	1
that's right .	1
"the supporting cast , which includes brion james ( tango & cash ) , tim "" tiny "" lester ( no holds barred ) , luke perry ( buffy the vampire slayer ) , and chris tucker ( friday ) , added a comedic effect to the film ."	1
"the mediums are what take up most of the film , with sitations and scenes which don't exactly work but you can't help but pat allen on the back for trying ."	1
the medical reports may state that he suffered a massive stroke .	1
stephane attempts to remain unchanged .	1
it is based on the account of ernest gordan who survived the horror of that world war ii prison camp and went on to become for 26 years the dean of the chapel at princeton university .	1
"for once i'm not fully disappointed , because the film didn't slow down , it kept moving , even with some flaws ."	1
"a fat , cigar-smoking chump wearing a fur hat and 12 gold chains around its fat , hairy chest ."	1
"it's hard to describe in words , so just see the film and listen to it ."	1
"james toback's return to directing after a eight-year layoff , two girls and a guy , is a film which is comprised , more or less , of just that : one guy , blake ( robert downey jr . ) ; two girls , carla ( heather graham ) and lou ( natasha gregson wagner ) ; one primary setting ( blake's absurdly spacious bachelor apartment ) , and a great deal of dialogue ."	1
food and other opportunities come his way in the form of spirited abby ( olivia williams ) who wants him to father a child because her husband is sterile .	1
but de palma actually reigns in more quieter scenes .	1
so far this summer i have seen only one movie who ranks higher on my list of movies i'd recommend and that is the truman show but it only wins by a nose .	1
"the first part of this piece is the review , the second part contains some analysis of the movie which might be construed as spoilers ."	1
"while attempting to make a quick "" paddle for it "" , both canoes tip over ."	1
"this one also includes plenty of toilet humour , but also some borderline fun-making of the disabled and mentally-challenged ."	1
"unlike his the spanish prisoner , there are no lapses in credibility ."	1
"to be honest , i wasn't very interested in seeing this film , and word of mouth , as well as several reviews , didn't make it sound promising ."	1
"was this wes craven's remedy from making "" real "" bad movies such as vampires in brooklyn ?"	1
"their plan -- to send a group of experienced oil drillers up to the asteroid , drill down several hundred feet , and detonate a nuclear warhead within ."	1
i've never been a member of the robin williams fan club .	1
he is a jock with a typical cheerleader girlfriend .	1
"finn leaves florida with "" great expectations "" to be a successful artist so that some day he might become classy enough to marry the snobbish estella ."	1
"if you have something in mind , please tell me ."	1
"prior to heaven , he would try to comfort annie , but the more he was around , the more pain she felt ."	1
it has no obvious resolution and not much of a final act .	1
"the story follows a young up and coming businessman , joe ross , ( campbell scott ) who has just created a mysterious and lucrative "" process "" that everyone is trying to get their hands on ."	1
funnest damn movie i've seen all year .	1
nicole projects a quiet intensity as the jittery yet aggressive wife and her performance is stunningly effective : she's headed for an oscar nod .	1
"anyway , this digital effect is only used in one scene that i am aware of ( for about twenty seconds ) and if you aren't looking for it you won't even be able to tell ."	1
"if you're like me , just do what i'll do during future viewings ; turn the color all the way down on your television , hit mute , turn on some bach or mozart or whatever , dim the lights and prepare to view what is truly one of the greatest films ever made ."	1
"while stephens' initial drive may be financial ( one third of the total settlement if he wins ) , his involvement provides him more with an outlet to come to grips with his own loss ."	1
the strange thing is that it works .	1
"we roll over the hills into the town of savannah , then zoom in close on a red sports car speeding over a bridge while its driver chatters oblivious on his cell phone ."	1
bore is perhaps too strong a word .	1
"writer/director argento creates several sequences of surreal , haunting beauty here , including a masterfully shot sleepwalking episode and a striking scene when a swarm of flying insects descends on the school at jennifer's beckoning ."	1
"odd would be a perfect adjective to describe this film , its characters , its direction , and its story ."	1
"jay's convoluted reasoning is that if the film is shut down , people on the internet will stop insulting him and bob , even though it is not him and bob the people are dissing , but rather their comic book counterparts ."	1
"in addition to loss , the main characters are also failures at something , whether that be dr . fuentes failure to change anything through medicine , or padre portillo's inability to stand up and be the martyr he always dreamed of being ."	1
but that line was fed to marlon through an earpiece by christof .	1
2 ) drew barrymore is great .	1
"this con man is very likeable for some reason , even though he is doing the same exact thing as the malicious jimmy del from the spanish prisoner ."	1
joe believed that hard work and persistence were the elements for success in america ; scenes of the party and his rendezvous with shirley suggest that it is the idle who profit from joe's toils .	1
"that said , "" blood simple "" is a very good horror movie ; the fear and suspense here are genuine ."	1
"the method of telling the story is also good , maybe not totally unique but effective none the less ."	1
"gattaca is rated pg-13 for brief violent images , language , some sexuality , and nudity ."	1
there are moments when it becomes predictable -- such as the train tracks scene -- and there are moments when it sacrifices orginality for the need to come up with an emotional plot twist .	1
"some people feel this way about richard gere , others cannot bear to watch robin williams' hyperactive schtick ."	1
"watching this film , i was amazed at how vivid and real these situations feel : the time rose and jack spend together at a third-class-party ; the naivety that jack feels when he skecthes rose nude ; the terror felt by all onboard , as certain doom turns people into both cowards and heroes ."	1
"this theater , owned by the parent company of one of hollywood's biggest studios , hasn't even graduated into stereo sound yet ."	1
"a year goes by and joe buys a car and tells katherine that he will meet her to get married in capitol city , that he has quit his job and hopes to open a gas station ."	1
"the film was like a theatrical trailer for a spoof on the tom cruise/paul newman film the color of money , entitled the hustler of money ."	1
"denise richards ( from starship troopers ( 7/10 ) fame ) solidifies herself as hollywood's jelly-donut pinup girl of the moment , and proves that all breast implants needn't lead to lawsuits ."	1
"it just drags in the middle , with = nothing truly happening ."	1
? cinematography/art direction : able to photograph both the intense and the lighthearted in the same manner .	1
fury 109 is an ex-mining/maximum security prison .	1
"director john mcnaughton , who has previously done the critically acclaimed henry : portrait of a serial killer , has constructed a wonderfully twisty plot that works ."	1
trading cards onto the floor and based his story on the ones that landed face up .	1
"it's blurry , in slow motion , and the sound is muted ."	1
"most are just chess pieces in tykwer's elaborate game of visual presentation , and he never really makes a significant move with any ."	1
redford has taken evans' book and given it the big screen treatment .	1
"= however , as he is about to die on the cross , he is saved by a girl , who = brings him to his marriage with mary magdelene ."	1
"cameron's friend , a loser by teenage verdict , convinces joey to pay someone who has enough guts to take the shrew out ."	1
this film is a winner from beginning to end .	1
this is a robbery that works like a well-oiled machine .	1
it also creates a distancing effect .	1
"instead of telling you what you are already seeing on screen , it quips , "" you don't see what happens after you flush the toilet . """	1
but no matter . . .	1
"the angels are interestingly presented , all of them dressed in black and more reminiscent of hitmen than traditional glowing white entities , but it's a nice touch that never seems like a mere attempt at uniqueness ."	1
then another .	1
"that may not sound so different from the average family sitcom , and the general idea of the film doesn't , at first , seem so wildly distant from standard-issue hollywood comedy : man who was adopted as a child ( ben still er ) sets out on a journey to meet his real parents , along with his wife ( patricia arquette ) , his baby , and a pretty psychology-researcher ( tea leoni ) in tow ."	1
this marxist worldview is presented in braveheart without any subtlety .	1
i mean really mean .	1
he romanced uma thurman in gattaca .	1
"new to the team is chris rock , also a fast-talking , up and coming detective ."	1
"at the party , cynthia's pretense that hortense is her factory co-worker leads her to ever more convoluted lies , as agonizing as they are funny ."	1
it ignited a spark of excitement in what otherwise has been a disappointing year for independent film .	1
"locked in jail , he waits for the district attorney to look at his claim of innocence ."	1
"don't let your impressions of the others detract from the original , which has much more to offer than cartoon slapstick ."	1
"however , after i heard about how wonderful it was , i wanted to see it ."	1
all the prisoners are men who have not seen a woman in many years .	1
"paying homage to oliver stone's 1987 classic wall street , younger is almost modernizing the tale by using younger , hipper actors to play the greedy villains as opposed to the older , more experienced types ."	1
"the darkest segment , spiritually speaking , actually belongs to the only holdover from the original fantasia , mickey mouse in the sorcerer's apprentice by paul dukas ."	1
"naturally , he gets his ass kicked ."	1
fang's family is thoroughly americanized .	1
a treat for some movie goers is to see werner herzog appear ( if they even recognize him ) as chris' father lost in the sea of faces .	1
">from here on , the plot takes a back seat , and we are treated to some of the best camera work and action staged ."	1
so damn absorbing that when the film shifts from gritty undercover cop drama to courtroom drama ( a sub-genre i loath the way kristy swanson must loath sarah michelle gellar ) i remained completely and utterly involved .	1
and it is just a constant progression that never gets sluggish .	1
"and as the tension gradually formulates with the running time , a final battle is inevitable ."	1
"he single-handedly takes out a small army of terrorists , and then must escape in the nick of time by flying away in a fighter jet while the co-pilot tries to strangle him and a terrorist in another jet tries to shoot him down !"	1
"when the sentence is announced , 20 of the accused are found guilty of murder , but joe marches into the courtroom and gives a pious speech about what happened ."	1
mckellar is largely successful in his attempt to rise above his material .	1
james may be suicidal and psychotic .	1
"it's a popcorn movie , and no one involved has any illusions otherwise ."	1
"sure , there've been moments of sweetness in his prior films -- the affectionate exchanges between the bruce willis and maria de madeiros characters in pulp fiction and the unflagging dedication shared by the characters of tim roth and amanda plummer , or even in reservoir dogs , where a deep , unspoken bond develops between the harvey keitel and tim roth characters -- but for the most part , mr . tarantino's films are typified by manic energy , unexpected outbursts of violence , and clever , often wordy , banter ."	1
"a troubled expression comes across joe's face , as he wonders where have all the cowboys gone ."	1
"it involves an old indian myth called weendigo , which states that a man who eats the flesh of another steals that person's strength , spirit and very essence ."	1
"his family and friends have long since abandon him , and all he has left is his liquor ."	1
"he meets the show's other characters , which include jesse ( joan cusack ) , his cowgirl sidekick , the wise old prospector ( kelsey grammer ) , and bullseye , his trusty horse ."	1
"as two investigators interrogate alex about how he knew the plane was going to explode , the fellow survivors , whom he has saved , treat him in varying manners ."	1
"the opening crawl tells us that the galaxy is in turmoil over the taxation of trade routes , and the greedy trade federation has used it's armada of powerful space battleships to blockade the planet naboo ."	1
"my biggest fear about ready to rumble was dispatched early on , as the filmmakers are quick to show that wresting is indeed choreographed ( but not fake , mind you ) ."	1
"the most successful at this is liam neeson who , as qui-gon jinn , a jedi master to young obi-wan kenobi , has quiet dignity and a wise , commanding presence ."	1
matthew broderick is the goodnatured and somewhat naive sam who has trouble accepting reality .	1
be forewarned .	1
why does his home in heaven ooze with paint ?	1
"so she turns to assistant district attorney and prosecutor bobby delaughter ( alec baldwin , heaven's prisoners ) to imprison the former kkk member ."	1
nicholas van orton ( michael douglas ) is a high-strung and isolated businessman .	1
"that's right , the planet is being attacked by a colony of arachnid-like alien beings that a can of raid just isn't going to destroy ."	1
"this one relies on telling a fully character-oriented story , with just the right amount of heart , humor , and drama ."	1
"the scenes that linger are the still ones where rylance and fox separately , pensively attempt to carry on with their makeshift household routines ."	1
"kevin's patience runs out when he learns that his plain-cheese pizza has already been eaten , and he's going to have to starve ."	1
"therefore , judge burke sends for a law marshall to come in and clean up the city ."	1
"the character of stuart , while obviously a computer generated image , grows on you as the film progresses and you'll soon see him as much more than a mere special effect ."	1
"that night he drops the three african-american volunteers at their nightclub , and he decides to go in with them ."	1
the remainder of the plot follows robocop's crime-foiling and vengeance on his murderers .	1
"luckily , he'd rather fight hand-to-hand instead of firing off guns ."	1
"along the way , a series of chance encounters with various strangers teaches felix that family is not always made up of blood relations ."	1
"over three days , as wayland returns to answer more questions , the drama and tension among these three characters gradually escalates until , inevitably , it boils over ."	1
"an orphan , he was in and out of foster homes on a regular basis ."	1
"bierko , who will be familiar as the psycho from _the long kiss goodnight_ , is outstanding ."	1
"they marry , after a short courtship , and move to a lovely country house , making jackie incredibly jealous since her cello playing becomes a symbol of her current life : when she plays , she has the eyes of the world , but when she stops , she's alone ."	1
"he leaves vegas briefly before he is sent back , in what can only be described as a strangely appropriate twist of fate , to cover a drug enforcement conference ."	1
"knowing he's longing for a schwinn bike , ted offers to pay him $1 a week to read him the local newspaper and keep his eyes peeled for signs of the malevolent , ominous low men who are chasing him to exploit his special powers ."	1
"their small band comes to the colourful spaceport of moss eisely , where they hire the spaceship owned by rogue pilot han solo ( harrison ford ) and his furry sidekick chewbacca ( peter mayhew ) ."	1
"beyond the north , beyond ice , beyond death--our life , our happiness . . . ."	1
at least it does until he forgets what he was going to say and gives up .	1
"when it was first released , an article was published in "" ebony "" magazine denouncing the film , while at the same time the black panthers used an entire newsletter to praise it ."	1
"oprah winfrey is sethe , a slave who escaped a kentucky plantation and took her children to an ohio farmhouse , where she hoped the terror would end ."	1
"obsessed with finding the proverbial key to the universe , max lives in paranoid , self-imposed solitude in a seedy nyc chinatown apartment , single-mindedly toiling away with his monstrous homemade computer system ."	1
reflection is the biggest killer for this film .	1
they have lost control . . a	1
"having endured my share of the hype , i waited calmly for men to reach the hinterlands wherein i reside , and then checked in to see what all the fuss was about ."	1
maximus sees this as his chance to exact revenge on commodus .	1
"one woman happens upon an interesting detail -- three brothers in different platoons were killed in combat , and their mother is getting the telegram today ."	1
"and the way they do in the final alien is hysterically cool ( with a lovely allusion to "" goldfinger "" ) ."	1
"this movie's not so much about plot , but more about the way it is presented , making this one of those films which is classified as being "" style over substance , "" a statement which prompts many critics to line up for attack ."	1
the only character who weakens the payoff is crystal's bride-to-be ( lisa kudrow ) .	1
"braveheart is , in my opinion , one of the best movies of 1995 !"	1
"the question is , "" does the story and its realism justify the excessive use ? """	1
"simply amazing in that respect , i must say ."	1
"jeanne tripplehorn creates another character original , as daniel stern's wife , who late in the picture , we discover , is a tough kick-boxer that should not be messed around with ."	1
"tupac shakur made a career in music and movies playing the hard case , and living the life to back it up ."	1
"after more than ninety minutes of pill-popping , tantric sex , car chases , and attempted murder , go even has a happy ending ."	1
"anyway , whether the viewer believes in existence of extraterrestrials or ufos , close encounters of the third kind remains the great movie , and one of the rare uplifting experiences in modern cinema ."	1
"one of the problems in adapting full-blown fantasies is that fantasy is often best left to the imagination of the reader , rather than being subjected to the 'realism' of the screen ."	1
.	1
"cage is a wonderfully versatile actor ( think face/off , raising arizona , and it could happen to you - what a combo ! ) who slips into the role of a heavenly agent quite nicely but threatens sappiness more than once ."	1
"the ice storm is a character piece that explores a dismal time both in america , and in the individual lives portrayed in the movie ."	1
it is rated pg for thematic elements and would be fine for the whole family .	1
"but now , it's even more interesting , as one beloved studio ( disney ) goes up against the newcomer ( dreamworks ) ."	1
"lapaglia plays stevie dee , a suave , overly polite mafioso who is formally courting sheedy with old-fashioned chivalry ."	1
"and so , in 1980 , we were introduced to a new airplane disaster film ."	1
"so even if you don't win one of mcdonald's free tickets , it's still definitely worth checking out ."	1
"some of my favorites are kiki's relationship with the baker's husband : although he's quiet , never shown speaking to kiki throughout the movie , and he initially scares her , his kindness wins her friendship ."	1
"the story , as such , has a lopsided feel about it ."	1
those moments made me cringe and/or groan .	1
the acting is the glue that holds everything together .	1
"he stays up all night drinking , smoking pot , dancing , falling in love with nikki , and learning to scratch turntables and rap ."	1
"still , "" good will hunting "" takes its premise a lot farther than i thought it would , and is definitely one of the better personal dramas i have seen in the last few years , and as of right now it stands as one of the top five on my list of '97 films ."	1
"the dream team follows the misadventures that beset the four-some when their psychiatrist , dr . weitzman , takes them out of the hospital for a field trip to yankee stadium ."	1
"whenever he's late to pick up the kids on his visitation days , leeanne always assumes it's because he's been "" screwing around . """	1
"the beginning of the film shows test pilots living in the middle of desert , as virtual unknowns , far away from strict rules and discipline ."	1
"the myserious stranger begins his tale , or more precisely his confession , in geneva , 1773 ."	1
raging bull is the other side of rocky .	1
"they toy around , but before the act ensues , alice calls his cell phone ."	1
"the character of george costanza on "" seinfeld "" seems to have been modelled after him ."	1
this is where the film takes a turn for the better .	1
sliding doors is a love 'what if' story .	1
"the dialogue may be filled with terms that only true players will grasp , but you don't have to speak the language to understand the words - a statement that pretty much sums up the effectiveness of the whole show ."	1
there's also ( thankfully ) a bit of chemistry between them .	1
"in a double-whammy for 2001 , anderson shoots and ( mostly ) scores again with his eclectic riff on time-travel episodes from the twilight zone , appropriately titled happy accidents ."	1
"animated movies for adults that are appropriate for kids and that are not comedies , now that is something fresh ."	1
"the actors are all energetic , which helps a lot with the tone of the film ."	1
this also provides for a new elaboration and explanation of the force which has never been mentioned before .	1
"in a surprisingly plausible setup , kevin is mistakenly accounted for , and the family heads off without him ."	1
"they just work together , and it's nice to see ."	1
acting on the whole was ok although i thought that bill pullman was a bit unsuitable for the president role but he did make a very rousing speech before sending his troops into battle ( do we smell a bit of braveheart here ? ? ) .	1
"even "" deconstructing harry "" is admittingly cheap in a way , even if it does top as one of his most truly hilarious films ."	1
"the cinematography is excellent , and the music score by john william's is also superb ."	1
"all this and a "" scream 3 "" is in the works ."	1
we will never know .	1
overall ? this film is an entertaining endeavor .	1
"john , claire's husband , endlessly questions what he did wrong ."	1
getting married just to spite someone ) .	1
"in the movies , the good guys can run through a firestorm of bullets and bombs and not get a scratch , but in reality that wouldn't happen ."	1
"we don't see him as much as settle , otherwise he could have done just as much damage as settle did ."	1
"little known facts : henry winkler , of tv's happy days' fonzie fame , turned down the part of danny zuko because he did not want to be typecast for the rest of his career ."	1
"in the typical lawyer movie there's one big case and the movie focuses on solving it , and somewhere along the line surprise witnesses and motives turn up before the good guy wins ( after lots of gripping courtroom drama ) ."	1
the major elements that made basic instinct work so well are present in showgirls .	1
"but the same success coincided with the surge of pesimism , and hollywood science fiction was as bleak as the rest of its production - mostly dark , dystopic movies ."	1
"the movie would be fine for older and mature teenagers , i . e . , treat the movie as it were rated nc-17 ."	1
the constantly moving camera doesn't really allow for the audience to associate with any one character .	1
"in terms of action , batman is not as thrilling as you might expect ."	1
"woody is forced to recognize that andy will grow up and forget him and that he will likely be discarded , abandoned , or sealed up in a dark box in the attic ."	1
"more importantly , it takes us right up the brink of emotion , then jumps right over it ."	1
"the scene is comical , awkward , moving , and beautiful ."	1
mulan is a saga of courage and self-discovery .	1
"even if it's based on a true story , a true story which hasn't yet ended , you must supply an ending , a false one , but an ending nevertheless ."	1
he comments that it is human nature to lust and loathe in vanity .	1
the epilogue was also a refreshing change-of-pace as it did not set up a sequel but ended on a note that probably could not have been any better .	1
"as the black man in the laundry tells him , "" in the joint , you the nigra , not me . """	1
the new special edition contains two original movie trailers of the film as well as two songs deleted from the original version .	1
"the final twist would seem forced an anti-climactic , but for some reason , i felt the same way the rest of the friends did ."	1
magruder is so sure of his place in the world that he never considers that he has bitten off more than he can chew until he has to swallow it - and by then it's too late .	1
"like some other cult films , most notably little shop of horrors , the rocky horror picture show is a musical with a twisted edge to it ."	1
"this is not a classic film by any stretch of the imagination , but it might teach some kids the hard lessons behind the "" fun "" game of football , or just allow them to have a good time for about an hour and forty-five minutes in the movie theatre ( or in the comfort of their own home , depending on where you watch this stuff . )"	1
no filmmaker deconstructs a story as well as atom egoyan .	1
"but , in october 1957 , an event happens that sparks one boy to dream ."	1
"one pointed out , apologetically , that the stripe on his new uniform was slightly inaccurate ."	1
"after all , the story hinges on a ghost , and what could be more romantic than that ?"	1
"( one of the great touches in the film is how blake , when startled by carla's unannounced appearance , begins to both verbally and physically backpedal even before he realizes that the cat's out of the bag . )"	1
"the lead , audrey tautou , is perfect for the role , and gives you enough moments of truth to develop her character into someone that you care about by the end of the film ."	1
"the same thing happens with sex , although not in the same fashion ."	1
"( carter has a problem , through most of the film , with hitting a woman , but this falls aside with their eventual one-on-one melee at the conclusion . )"	1
"with an affectation for freeze frames , he delivers a unique take on the film's action and love scenes that places out of sight a notch above routine crime films ."	1
"it was bouncy and energetic enough to get me to go see this new film from director doug limon , the man who had brought us the humorous swingers a little while back ."	1
the bad : no scares .	1
"valiant takes some photos of jessica playing , `patty cake' with marvin acme ( stubby kaye ) , the owner of toontown ( where all of the cartoon characters live ) and takes them to maroon ."	1
the lighting level is exceedingly low throughout the movie : it almost appears to be filmed in black and white .	1
"why , you may ask , do i go on about the story's flaws ?"	1
faults ? well . . . there were some i have to say .	1
the title is generic .	1
""" when the going gets weird , the weird go bowling "" ?"	1
"not irritating , but just as strange , is a musical number by blue-skinned alien chanteuse diva ( maiwenn lebesco ) , who sings--and dances--an aria that is an unlikely blend of classical opera and techno ."	1
hindus kill muslims .	1
but enough carping .	1
"chris elliott has a bigger part than in the abyss ( yes , check it out next time ) , and less annoying than in cabin boy ."	1
"the momentum and the coolness of the film , however , begins to fizzle in the last 30 minutes , which featured an overly extended shootout where our two desperados try to make their way off with the ransom money ."	1
director roland emmerich ( universal solider ) shamelessly rips off lucas and spielberg and just about any other cosmic cliche that he can lay his hands on .	1
"it does not reinvent the wheel , following instead the standard pattern of historical dramas ."	1
"in a fumbling , amusing and self deluding ramble , he instructs erin to watch a videotape he's made detailing why their relationship is doomed to fail and why he's leaving ."	1
"a little more than 200 years ago , the world was filled with unhappy peasants - - unhappy because nearly every aspect of their lives was controlled by totalitarian , military , conformist , medieval regimes ."	1
the mix between these genres are perfect .	1
dennis quaid makes a fine hero .	1
"an allegory of chasing the promise of the american dream , joe buck's progressive moral atrophy is a warning against the pursuit of illusory icons ."	1
"when it ends , it leaves viewers a little saddened , but provoked nonetheless ."	1
"once malcolm gains cole's trust , cole reveals his secret : he sees ghosts everywhere ."	1
"right away he lets us know how vulnerable we all are floating in the ocean , and once "" jaws "" has attacked , it never relinquishes its grip ."	1
"while the sequel was planned from the outset -- a treatment of scream 2 was included when mr . williamson sold the screenplay for scream -- the basic premise for the film and the reunion of the surviving characters nevertheless seems extremely artificially contrived , and it's only at about the film's midway point when it becomes engaging ."	1
"it is spoon who plays conscience to stretch's pure appetite , and roth plays stretch with a gleeful self-destructiveness ( he reveals that he is hiv positive even as he is preparing to shoot up again ) which is as much an obstacle to spoon's goal as any agency or enemy ."	1
"schwarzenegger gives his best performance ever , and the supporting cast is good too ."	1
"ed's privacy is no longer his own , his newfound fame starts having a negative impact on his family life , and what little dignity he has left is trampled on by the media ."	1
"there's no doubt in anyone's mind that the 50 cars will be successfully stolen , and the filmmakers blew a perfectly good opportunity to add some suspense to the picture by using the "" rival car thief "" plot line ."	1
"spielberg pulled us into the narrative , absorbed us in the drama , then finally let us go , exhausted and shattered , three-plus hours later ."	1
this sets off a media frenzy and immediately sherri is the most hated woman in the world .	1
"he is great , and knows how to entertain the audience ."	1
the trailers and the beginning of the move sum up this plot very easily .	1
"as a matter of fact , hawtrey is suitably cunning in the part ."	1
"the "" surprise ending "" that highlighted the original planet of the apes film back in 1968 , felt a little tacked on here , and despite being interesting , didn't really make all that much sense to me ( unless you look at it from a sequel point of view ) ."	1
"where else would pure escapism , a vulnerable hero , the "" talking villains , "" blatant product placement , predictable action sequences , and lots of promiscuity be hoped for instead of a significant change ?"	1
"i remember very well shots of a train with its light beaming and shots of men vanishing around nicole kidman , but i can remember very little of what happened between all these people ."	1
"also like bergman , leigh engages in frequent closeups of his characters' ravished and wracked faces ."	1
"although i thought the sharp wit of this film was worth three stars , it is a movie to be seen on home video , late at night when your brain is not functioning to full capacity anyway , and with a large , saracastic crowd - new year's at midnight for example , which is when i saw it ."	1
"and , for that matter , it's more than i would have expected out of a light hearted film like this ."	1
any film that can make robert sean leonard palatable is worthy of respect in my book .	1
"there is a theatrical trailer for the movie , which is a great introduction to the subject matter ."	1
"they talk for a while ( with the occasional "" uncomfortable silence "" ) , mostly about a guy called tony rocky horror ."	1
life is an exercise in duality for hansel .	1
his direction is smooth and stylish .	1
"as you watch robocop , you experience deja vu ; you feel as if you have seen the film before ."	1
bruce willis proved his acting chops and is now considered an actual actor .	1
although it's interesting to note that tony danza has signed a contract with the devil also .	1
"another example : at one point in the movie , two children are playing with toy space shuttles in front of a poster of kennedy ."	1
"set in the very near future ( though it was a somewhat farther away near future when the series was first conceived ) , this atypical giant robot anime features the characters , rather than the machinery , as the primary focus ."	1
"remember , the robot ?"	1
"in an unnecessarily dramatic moment , he apparently is shocked at what he sees , at what he has become ."	1
"and the movie definitely surprised me in tone , although it probably shoudln't have ."	1
if he did find it the series would over anyway so what are you complaining about ?	1
"exciting , scary , great special effects ( unlike other summer movies the effects do not take over the movie and are only there when it is really necessary ) and good performances ."	1
"it might be possible to call drifting clouds a satire or a black comedy , but that would imply a sense of anger , of vitriol , of energy ; drifting clouds is what you get when the rage and vitality are gone ."	1
"in his fights , jackie often makes use of objects found in his environment-- benches , jugs , cups , bowls , fruits and vegetables--often in new and surprising ways ."	1
the truth is he isn't married .	1
"the story revolves around the attempts of political spin doctor conread brean ( robert deniro ) to distract the american public from the accusations that the president , who is up for re-election in two weeks , sexually harassed a young girl in the oval office ."	1
"in the hands of a mere mortal , the gingerbread man would have been a routine thriller , no better or worse than the countless others we've all endured ."	1
"they don't say "" lions and tigers and bears , oh my ! """	1
his cowboy=	1
"to get a ticket for this voyage you either : spent a life's savings to get to america to start life anew , were part of the upper class and had the money to spare , or finally were lucky enough to have a full house in a poker match by the docks like jack dawson ."	1
"the master , on his last legs , sends for the doctor to rescue him after the daleks put him on trial on their planet skaro and exterminate him ."	1
"it is an anti-movie , of sorts ."	1
"robert wagner , as dr . evil's #2 man , has only one scene early on in the film , where he lacks all the focus of the character ."	1
the movie starts off with the boys wondering what happened to their tv .	1
the opening of a simple plan reminded me a bit of the sweet hereafter .	1
"i'm not a martial arts expert nor the martial arts fan , but comparing those scenes with typical scenes today i simply can't avoid to appreciate the difference from today's movie fights when masses of bloody pulp manage to get up from the floor and win in the end ."	1
"however , they are most explicitly examined in a 1981 film called blind chance , where kieslowski presents the three different fates of one man after a minor action ( missing or catching a train ) changes the course of his life ."	1
"and i think that "" 12 angry men "" , "" witness for the prosecution "" and "" paths of glory "" would have been better choices for the oscar for the best picture of 1957 ."	1
writer-director-star don mckellar has crafted a highly unique and emotional film .	1
"viggo mortensen is the wild brother , whose wild behavior seems to be a reaction to some ancient pain that he can't name , much less resolve ."	1
"jennifer love hewitt's song , "" how do i deal "" is also played for about thirty seconds ."	1
"john cusack plays control freak craig schwartz , a street performer who periodically gets decked by parents objecting to his remarkably expressive , but decidedly erotic puppet shows ."	1
"the studio demanded the final scene , that of a heinous murder , come first in the film so to portray humbert first as a murderer and second as a pedophile . . . and"	1
"marc , pete and paulie ( annabeth gish ) immediately wish to call the police ."	1
"roger and mary ( hugh laurie and imelda staunton , who were also married in "" sense and sensibility "" ) are married , and are the most successful creators of jingles in the uk , but have suffered a tragedy as one of their newly born twins has recently died ."	1
most of the second half of the film is somehow related to the relationship ( or lack thereof ) between rhett and scarlett .	1
"this time the twist comes in the form of jennifer corvino ( jennifer connelly ) , a bright teenager with gift for telepathically communicating with insects ."	1
"the black comedy may be entertaining to watch onscreen , but it's probably not something most other audience members would want to experience first-hand ."	1
"and , for as long as i can remember , i don't think i have seen an r-rated film show an erect one before ( it's not completely , but judging from the audiences' reaction , it was more than they expected too ) ."	1
thora birch is a young actress to watch .	1
there's nothing dazzlingly new in mrs .	1
"this is a movie with a brain , as smooth and calculated as the clooney and lopez characters themselves ."	1
this serves a double purpose for cunningham .	1
"this one is also quite funny , but it didn't really blow me away like the others ."	1
"i admire this film not only because it passes so pleasantly , but because it has lofty aspirations and succeeds in them ."	1
don't let them kill him .	1
"but if you've ever felt the urge to overcome your fear of the bard , this hamlet is an excellent place to start ."	1
i was always on this guy's side and definitely felt sorry for him as things moved along .	1
"to get his property back , and his life back shrek must rescue princess fiona ( cameron diaz ) so lord farquaad can be a king ."	1
each story builds to a tense moment ( or what appears to be intended to be a tense moment ) but then lets the tension dissolve .	1
"with some films it might be just a secondary issue , but with `dark city' what we get is nearly an entire film committed to philosophizing and theorizing about human memory and how it defines who we are , which is a poignant theme made through an absolutely beautifully-constructed film with the kind of story and setting that could only happen in a movie ."	1
bird loses eccentric friend .	1
the story as a whole is one of the most original to come out of hollywood in years .	1
"not only that , horner has also created one of the best scores for any action film , or science fiction film ever ( and that includes 2001 : a space odyssey , which was mainly a compilation of well-known composers ) ."	1
their interpretation of the bible based solely on the pictures and their own experiences is poignant .	1
"he danced a bit in the cotton club , tap and white nights , but those were essentially dramatic vehicles ."	1
"( however , without it , the final twist , which i will not reveal , would not be as poignant . )"	1
"barry pepper , adam goldberg , vin diesel , giovanni ribisi , davies , and burns are the team sent to find one man , and bring him home ."	1
"but , who goes next ?"	1
"along his carreer , mel gibson has collected several successes , not only from an economic point of view but also from an artistic point of view ."	1
i do wonder how the movie translates when viewed within its native french culture .	1
"though i enjoy the complex plotting of film noir as much as the next person , when it comes to family entertainment , simple is the way to go ."	1
"this isn't really a bad thing , as the songs are very high-energy and catchy ( i found myself singing one to myself for most of the following day ) ; it's just different ."	1
"maggie is charmed by cappie's tender undertsanding demeanor , not to mention his shirtless body ."	1
they play well off of each other and have a genuine chemistry which makes it a pleasure to watch them on screen .	1
"the film does have it's downsides though , as it is getting pretty routine for the carry-on team to stage historical films and the inventive streak of the script seems to run out pretty quickly ."	1
"also , glenn close overacts tremendously in her ( thankfully ) very limited screen time , so much so that i actually applauded silently when her character meets her demise ."	1
"i mean , it left me completely bored , unsatisfied , and generally kinda weirded out ."	1
i've always thought that such obscene running times should be limited to historical epics .	1
"the make-up effects are particularly good in these scenes as well , with flawless squib work on display from the effects team ."	1
"he doesn't actually play happy gilmore in the movie , but a variation of him ."	1
"but never fear , as the chinese mafia aids him in uncovering the truth behind the incident ."	1
"in one scene from "" the people vs ."	1
"this deleted nearly half an hour of footage , mainly of key dialogue scenes ."	1
"johnny depp turned down roles in the three musketeers , speed ( 7 . 5/10 ) , and legends of the fall ( 7 . 5/10 ) , for smaller and quirkier roles in benny and joon ( 6 . 5/10 ) and what's eating gilbert grape ?"	1
"that's fantastic , especially when considering of all the classic characters and scenes the film has served up -- who can forget aspiring beautician frenchie ( didi conn ) being serenaded by her tell-it-like-it-is guardian angel ( frankie avalon ) ?"	1
they talk about their fears and kevin learns that age alone does not make you less afraid .	1
"alice is mousy , shy , intellectual , charlotte is bitchy , out-going and fun ."	1
george washington carver high school is having student elections .	1
i've never seen a movie in my life where everyone in it acts brilliantly .	1
"and charles laughton , who looks like coburn , is judge lord horfield ."	1
i thought that yet another of shakespeare's classics had been destroyed .	1
however these little failures don't diminish the impression .	1
woody ( tom hanks ) saddles up andy's dog and rides out into the yard to rescue wheezy .	1
"the elderly bank robber is henry ( paul newman ) , a famous criminal that was only recently caught ."	1
"the gardener wonders whether , after his death , anyone will be interested in maintaining the garden that he's devoted half his life to tending ."	1
"bill starts talking about what women can provide in a relationship , and gets alice extremely angry ."	1
""" ohh ohh ee - tarzan - ee ee ohh ? """	1
"with it's visual style and mind-blowing pace , `run lola run' is one of the more invigorating movies of the year ."	1
any sequence where the two men sit at the table together is an unarguable highlight .	1
"original enterprise captain james t . kirk appears on both ends of the story , though they cut the scene where shatner turns to the screen to plead "" get a life . """	1
"namely , some of the most important action sequences ( like the parting of the red sea ) were done almost entirely in 3d ."	1
"the film begins as amy ( mira sorvino ) , a stressed-out new york architect , decides to take some time off and travel upstate to the country ."	1
"arriving home early , she discovers that her live-in , gerry ( john lynch ) , is having sex with his former lover lydia ( jeanne tripplehorn ) ."	1
"yet , despite the many laughs love and death offers , it never takes cheap shots ."	1
"it is nostalgic for those of us who remember that far back , and the technique is a clever adaptation that worked well in forest gump ."	1
"it's more pleasant to look at , less intimidating up on the screen , and most importantly it doesn't detract from the film's concept as much as disney's admirably awe-inspiring work does ."	1
"though writer michael hirst's script gets a little murky at times , and his injections of humor get a little overplayed , elizabeth pulses with the right amount of dramatic and cinematic verve to make it just deserving of a theatrical viewing ."	1
"since then , the talented film maker has been virtually invisible , surfacing briefly as a co-director of the wildly uneven four rooms and the screenwriter of the gory vampire-fest , from dusk till dawn ."	1
i don't think any of the romances i've seen have been classified as such .	1
all of whom gave good performances in their respective roles .	1
typical is the scene in which gay flings her head back and shakes her hair while bathed in light .	1
"when the choice presents itself , derek goes for game point instead of the sucker-punch ."	1
"darryl thinks he's got the best life in the world - he tells his family that living next to power lines is a constant reminder of the success of mankind , he asks who would ever want to go out and eat in a fancy restaurant when he's got the meat loaf feast prepared by his wife sal ( anne tenny ) , and he swells with pride when his son dale ( stephen curry ) digs a hole in the yard ."	1
"however , the slight bitter aftertaste i have with this film has to do mainly with the film's manipulation of the audience ."	1
"peter's friends and co-workers , samir ( ajay naidu ) and michael bolton ( david herman ) . . . no ,"	1
"it is a one-way ride down the lost highway of a disturbed mind , and as such it is gripping , intense , and brilliantly effective ."	1
"in fact , if you haven't seen "" the blair witch project "" , you might like this film for what it is -- a cross between "" the blair witch project "" and the "" scream "" -films ."	1
then the pace really picks up .	1
"but if you're patient with it , the movie offers innumerable rewards , such as a pair of self-assured performances by morgan freeman and jessica tandy ."	1
"we never get close enough to the actual celebrities to see if they're really happy ( they may appear to be on the surface . . . ) , but we do get close enough to lee and davis' character ."	1
"this doesn't mean that it overcasts the unique , whimsical humor or overall caliber of it's sequel , it just means that scream will forever be known as the movie that mocked it's own while maintaining it's sought-after qualities ."	1
isn't that kind of along the same lines ?	1
"after the epic d-day invasion ( whose sequences are nothing short of spectacular ) , capt . john miller ( hanks ) and his team are forced to search for a pvt ."	1
"he shows us how it isn't dying that hurts , but rather the pain of living in the hereafter of death , and dealing with the loss and grief that it brings ."	1
"the rest of the "" slaves "" barely exist other than dressing for the set ."	1
"liam neeson is terrific in the main role ; neeson is the kind of actor who does solemn desperation extremely well , and valjean is certainly a man who clearly fits that adjective ."	1
a series of unfortunate circumstances and hilariously freakish events leads to mrs . hoggett taking babe from the small country farm into the big city .	1
"belonging to the former group is rockhound ( steve buscemi ) , a horny little womanizing genius who's always full of wisecracks , even when flying into space at a huge amount of g's ."	1
john cusack is the kind of actor who seems to effortlessly slide into his respective film roles .	1
it's just a shame that they didn't have more meatier roles .	1
"although it's filled with inside jokes , you'll still be laughing even if you only get some of them ."	1
"after being hypnotized , a man believes there is a ghost in his house ."	1
"and maybe , "" second best "" is even a greater picture ."	1
"williamson and rodriguez are so assured at their professions , respectively , that the idea of teaming up together is pretty much a no-brainer ."	1
"edward norton plays flynt's lawyer , alan isaacman ."	1
"the hero of this film , of course , is young anakin , but it was very hard for me to feel any kinship or identify with an eight-year-old boy ."	1
"the 47-year old martial arts master has a renowned reputation for doing all of his own stunt work and , here , he does not disappoint ."	1
"but at one point , in which we discover that american pie does have a heart of it's own , biggs asks his buddies why he's going through so much pressure for something that's `not very important anyway . '"	1
"that "" rounders "" ' story quickly molds itself into a conventional , predictable tale of redemption doesn't hinder its potency ."	1
"added to that , many of this city's streets are the twin siblings of venice's gondola-trekked rivers ."	1
"= yet , he soon learns his evil ways for aiding in the deaths of others , = and subjects himself to a desert in exile , in hopes that he can reach = god ."	1
the most memorable pieces of the film lie in its action scenes .	1
"russell , as mentioned earlier , is very good in his role , and kathleen quinlan is nowhere near as annoying as she was in apollo 13 ."	1
"unfortunately , the segments set outside the satellite's movie theater seem out of place and aren't particularly funny , but at least they're fairly short ."	1
"over here , anything goes : you wanna throw shit out the window ?"	1
"butler is a shifty character to be sure , but he takes such pride in his arrogance it's appealing ."	1
"i have never really heard of phil collins , nor have i heard of mark mancina , so i was wondering , how would these two make this disney flick spin ?"	1
"if you grew up listening to the cure and a flock of seagulls and the psychedelic furs , then "" the wedding singer "" is bound to put a nostalgic hop in your stride ."	1
- us release may be problematical .	1
numerous books about the subject are showing up on bookstore shelves .	1
this is truly the most frightening movie i have ever had the pleasure to watch .	1
"but this is smith's personality , and his simplistic views neglect such adult issues as how does one interpret the bible ( or koran , etc . ) correctly ( or if there even is a correctly ) and how one settles disputes of heretofore dogmatic concerns ."	1
"like the foster mother , sean knows that time and quiet patience is the only approach ."	1
"the scenes , however , are all stolen by either brown or lemmon ."	1
laura linney is magnificent as the camera hungry wife .	1
"chris blackwell , founder of palm pictures , was also involved in the production of another jamaican box-office smash in 1981 entitled countryman , so i'd say he has a pretty good track record ."	1
"many have scoffed at the idea that platt should be playing a heavyweight champion wrestler with an unbeaten record , but for me it just added to the "" silly factor "" of the film , thereby increasing my enjoyment of it ."	1
"there are other wonderful minor characters such as ciro popitti's ben , a friend of lucas , whose diminutive stature does not mean he will take crap from the jocks ."	1
"it sounds hokey , but when that scene occurs near the beginning of _october sky_ , i found myself caught up with the enthusiasm of homer hickam , played by jake gyllenhaal ."	1
"the plot , however , is really just a vehicle for all these bizarre characters to run wild and wreak their own unique forms of havoc ."	1
"soon ( and predictably ) it becomes pretty clear that glenn is a jerk , and that robby and julia really love each other ."	1
"aside from a good screenplay , it's the performances that can make or break a movie , and director junger has really hit the jackpot ."	1
"fifty-three of them are stuffed into the "" la amistad "" ( from a spanish word for "" friendship "" ) by their new spanish owners ."	1
"a vicious serial killer named carl stargher ( vincent d'onofrio ) has been kidnapping women , locking them in an automated cell that drowns them slowly in a matter of days , then soaking the corpses in bleach to turn them into life-sized dolls ."	1
"the classic struggle between good and evil is the inevitable backdrop , with advanced masters of each and a golden pupil , which must choose between the two ."	1
"the audience cares about them as much as they do about joe and simon , a testament to the acting jobs of both ."	1
it's sure to leave nothing short of a big smile on your face as you leave the theater .	1
"at this point , seth is left with the ultimate choice ; continue with the american dream and make millions or tell the authorities that something fishy is going on ."	1
"besides the regular murders of innocent people , the audiences can enjoy an autopsy of a two-headed mutated amfibium ."	1
"lithgow's a good choice for the supercilious , height-challenged villain lord farquaad ."	1
some events are depicted differently and pitt's austrian mountain-climber who was portrayed as a pivotal influence in the dalai lama's life isn't even mentioned here .	1
""" okay , there is only one option now ."	1
"nightmares haunt her all over the place , but she has to move on ."	1
"also , by not being content to utilize most of the old characters , this film gives us many new ones to enjoy ."	1
"it seems that beau , her eldest , is having an affair with darby reese ( josh lucas ) , a disreputable sort 12 years his senior ."	1
( and there's that michael j . fox thing again . )	1
"but the film is saved with its presentation , as well as some other elements ."	1
"for example , in casino he uses subtitles when robert deniro and joe pesci are using code words with each other ."	1
"this is an excellent showcase for thornton's fine skills as an actor and a great change in direction for raimi , who could very well have a career ahead of him as an accomplished director of dramatic films ."	1
the rocky horror picture show 'special edition' ( 1975 )	1
"one nice surprise is rob lowe , as the young #2 , who patterns wagner's voice and movements right down to a tee ."	1
"it's actually because the film contained all of the neccessary ingredients to keep me entertained and awake from storyline to plot twists to camerawork to even ( tsk , tsk ) special effects ."	1
"greg , their leader , is going out with mandy pepperidge , but since the silly bastard doesn't believe in pre-marital sex , their relationship never goes further than a quick jack-off under the stars ."	1
"from a story standpoint , there's an obligatory love story with a cliche'd long-suffering girlfriend character ."	1
"jackie brown has four major shootings , and two of those take place mostly off-screen , so don't be expecting a typical tarantino bloodbath ."	1
"when miller's company hears of the mission , they scoff at the idea assuming he is dead , but miller isn't so quick to shrug it off ."	1
"with luchini's charisma , it is hard to root for anyone other than him ."	1
""" it's there ."	1
"but the real focus in deceiver is on character interaction , not plot details ."	1
much of the story is told simply through the interaction between lefty and donnie .	1
"but for the first time , lester feels that he is actually living ."	1
"most come courtesy of helen mirren , who shines as the world-class gardener who works with the inmates but fears for her daughter primrose ( natasha little ) when she starts dating briggs ."	1
"if the truman show had never been made , pleasantville probably would have received better reviews , done better at the box office , and would be remembered after it's long been on the video store shelves ."	1
i'm glad i did .	1
"flanagan was a man of great intelligence , wit and humor , as well as adopting a sense of candidness scarcely seen in modern filmmaking ."	1
the penniless dude wisecracks that he's heading for the cash machine .	1
"ironically , that was probably more money than reed ever earned for a single film ."	1
"all of the people involved are just characters , or are they ?"	1
"they instead tackle hot issues from our past , and view them differently , and pack them together with redundant , catchy music , as well as thoughtful lyrics ."	1
instead the dead seem to be staying on earth and inhabiting computer viruses .	1
">from the beginning of the film , we are kept on our toes trying to figure things out ."	1
the film is larger than life and has a keen sense of the absurd .	1
"known as the most successful , highest-grossing romantic comedy in history , director garry marshall apparently struck gold with "" pretty woman , "" which opened quietly during the summer of 1990 but , thanks to positive word-of-mouth , was able to reach upwards of $175-million in theaters alone ."	1
"katherine hears what has happened on the radio and rushes to the neighboring town of strand only to see him engulfed by flames in his cell , and becomes convinced that he died ."	1
"fans is not part of bulworth's "" truth . """	1
his campaign is entering the final weekend before the primaries but his depression has sunk in too far for him to care .	1
"chris tucker has a small , but effective performance ."	1
"bill hardford ) , nicole kidman ( alice hardford ) , sidney pollack , leelee sobieski , todd field ( nick nightingale ) directed , co-written , produced by : stanley kubrick inspired by : "" traumnovelle "" by : arthur schnitzer"	1
"with all the implausibilities of this film , and with the mediocre second half , kiss the girls somehow manages to thoroughly entertain ."	1
"before i delve into the meat of the review , i'd just like to confer . . . ."	1
"seen may 19 , 1999 at 5 p . m . at the crossgates cinema 18 ( guilderland , n . y . ) , theater #1 , with my brother john for $8 . 50 ."	1
"there is no way to isolate any single component of this picture and proclaim , "" yes , that's what makes this film great . """	1
"so z gets sent off to battle , but he manages to survive the slaughter by the termites ."	1
"supplementing parker's able direction are the engaging , often poignant performances of the leads , some of them seasoned thespians , others relative beginners ."	1
"well , while not up to a level of "" drunken master 2 "" or any of jackie's hong kong films , "" shanghai noon "" is miles ahead of anything jackie has done in an american film before ."	1
"finally , after about ten minutes of intercut boob shots and clooney forcing keitel and lewis to drink with him , the stripper turns into a vampire ."	1
"now , with much fanfare and anticipation , tarantino has returned with his third directorial effort , jackie brown ."	1
"his performance of a over excitiable , yet also well mannered boy is excellent , and he also has some funny lines ."	1
"with their spacious , immaculately-white new house and the vast abundance of neighbourhood greenery , the chans initially find this serene new land a strange and wonderous one , and - with neurotic bing cooly remarking about the possible dangers of australian life ( killer dogs , poisonous spiders , dangerous ultraviolet rays ) - a frightening one ."	1
"taran is about to jump into the black cauldron , but gurgi stops him , not wanting him to throw his life away ."	1
"the negatives , badly damaged by the ravages of time , were brightened and returned to their original splendor ."	1
"his george is a bit of a devilish rogue , entirely affable , and mr . everett's performance is a delight to watch ; he's clearly having fun , and his joy is infectuous ."	1
"the two aren't very comparable to each other , but they both deviate from her usual "" intelligently ditzy "" romantic comedy roles , and it's an impressive side of ryan movie goers rarely have the chance to enjoy ."	1
the other area i found troubling came in the portrayal of lord farquaad .	1
"in the scene at the diner which foreshadows joe's encounter with the gay student , joe buck spills ketchup on himself ."	1
"this is why james dean is admired by america , because in this film he represents us all and his actions are actions that we would also execute ."	1
michael rappaport is basically throwaway .	1
"the disappointment comes in the fact that we've come to know the pair , yet we don't get to view their impending romance ."	1
"alien 3 is rated r for strong violence and language , and sex ."	1
"once his mission is completed and he is safely home , the fee is paid ."	1
actor wesley snipes has	1
gwtw was the first movie to take real advantage of the most revolutionary technology available -- technicolor .	1
"and soon enough , chucky is killing people either for revenge or for what seems like fun , and people are discovering that chucky isn't just a kiddie doll one by one ."	1
"even dubey will soon be romantically entangled when he becomes interested in alice , one of the family servants ."	1
"simon is the smallest baby ever born within the records of the local hospital , and by age twelve he's only two feet tall ."	1
mr . menken's score for the film is equally top-notch ; the sequence where eric ( voiced by christopher daniel barnes ) and ariel tour his kingdom in a horse-drawn carriage becomes magical and wondrous with mr . menken's fine score .	1
the event of events is upon us .	1
"in the fifties , british astronomer fred hoyle improved on this plan by suggesting that it would be better to radio plans for a complex computer and a program for it ; any civilization capable of receiving the transmission could build the computer , which would then engage in a real-time dialog with the aliens , exchanging information and technologies , and hopefully arranging to send back what it had learned ."	1
"the acting by all is quite good , but i particularly liked elijah wood ."	1
little known facts : this film will always be remembered as the movie that knocked titanic ( 7/10 ) out of the top spot at the box-office after 15 straight weeks at number one .	1
"in doing so , he achieves what braveheart and the patriot could not : the face of death ."	1
"one guy is a trekkie cross-dresser , another dresses her cat , and then there is the dentist ."	1
"they find a safe , and inside a picture of a woman ."	1
"rob owns championship vinyl and his employees , timid dick ( todd louiso ) and overbearing barry ( jack black ) , are fellow music snobs ."	1
the film is more concerned with visuals and history and less so with human beings .	1
particularly notable is philip baker hall who gave a mesmerizing performance from the first scene of hard eight .	1
"they pitch him an idea to "" produce "" the image of a war with albania ( it's a country no one's heard of so they people will buy it ) ."	1
""" seven "" is not just a film about crime , but about the evil within man ."	1
by phil curtolo mel gibson ( braveheart ) gave a gripping performance as the father of a young kidnapped boy in ron howard's ransom .	1
"the mother who doesn't want her son to be learning `white man's music' , the unexpected casuality . . ."	1
"there is some relief in the end , where besson lays down his armor and starts thinking ."	1
like he knows without her having to say anything .	1
"if there's ever been an exception to the perils of excessive cliches and non- stop action , the james bond films are it ."	1
that's why i liked this film : it's hard to put a pointer on .	1
"social commentary aside , princess caraboo is simply an eminently enjoyable entertainment ."	1
"austin powers : the spy who shagged me is one of the funniest things i've had the pleasure to see in a long time ; a completely looney , delightful parody of the often pretentious james bond flicks ."	1
"first he's a janitor , then he works construction ."	1
"sandler captures the forlorn sleepwalking look of a jilted man , struck with an unattainable love ."	1
"one poignant scene in the film shows darlene shouting across an open moat to visitors--friends and relatives from home , whose lives continue while hers is in limbo ."	1
"and of course , his life suddenly begins to waver and slowly decline ."	1
nothing is forced in greenfingers .	1
"it is a far too feasible misconception that this is a film which forwards the idea that a world without some "" healthy "" immorality is not a world at all ."	1
"people who supposedly loved the same land and the same god found themselves in bitter conflict , as the country divided into factions fighting in the streets : indian and pakistani ; muslim , hindu , sikh , parsee ."	1
"winslet also proves herself a good actress , delivering her lines convincingly , and the quality of performances between winslet and dicaprio makes the relationship believable ."	1
it has so many moments in fact that i use a lot of the lines from the film when i'm joking around with my friends .	1
"some of the interludes are an epiphany , though ."	1
an eye for an eye .	1
broderick and sheedy are just fine as the young teenagers ( although her interest in david remains a mystery ) .	1
"in fact , it is terrific ."	1
"for all teenagers , it's almost like a rite of passage ."	1
van buren is a weak politician but nothing else .	1
"most people will likely stay to see what the smart-alec's have to say , but for me , it almost ruined an otherwise good film ."	1
"the story , as with all good shakespeare , ends in tragedy ."	1
and about the special effects .	1
"martin scorsese's triumphant adaptation of edith wharton's the age of innocence is a stunning film for the quintessential new york filmmaker , the man who brought the streets of taxi driver and mean streets to life ."	1
"it shares their previous films' strong sense of time and place , as well as their send-ups of movie genres and political and cultural ideologies ."	1
"the movie begins like _poltergeist_ , and ends like _the color purple_ , with shades of _the scarlet letter_ and _little women_ somewhere in the middle ."	1
"you've got mail is a timely romance for this impersonal , computer-driven decade ."	1
"then doug quaid , played by schwarzenegger , wakes up ."	1
"the influence that the father possesses is inescapable , and its unsavory effect clamps down hard on the tortured wade ."	1
more art-imitates-life stuff -- not even muscles can substitute for money in the real world .	1
this is why stark and his friends never could form a strong relationship with their parents .	1
">from here on , nothing more should be said to keep the rest a surprise ."	1
"but the choices are obliterated by one's beliefs , circumstances , and inward nature , and how difficult it is to carry out those choices if it goes completely against the way one is brought up ."	1
make this fantastic film feel more real .	1
"russell plays jeff , one half of a married couple travelling with his wife amy ( kathleen quinlan ) cross country to san diego to start a new job and a new life ."	1
it is one of the few movies that has completely reduced me to tears .	1
"like how the experience must have been for the persistent title character , `run lola run' is exhausting ."	1
why is this ?	1
"kudos to screenwriters james schamus , wang hui ling and tsai kuo jing , choreographer yuen wo-ping , photography director peter pau and music director tan dun , each of which contribute quality components to this extraordinary film ."	1
"once at calais , the fingernail meets jacqueline ( dany robin ) and they fall in love instantly ."	1
"chaos obviously ensues , and the dude eventually finds himself in hot water with cops , crooks and lebowski's ultra-eccentric artist daughter maude ( julianne moore ) ."	1
"radios , clocks , and telescopes are some of his favorite toys ."	1
he refuses to use trains and wants to avoid big cities as he hitchhikes across france to find his destiny .	1
"there's something for everyone in this romantic comedy , making it prime date flick material ."	1
"the picture takes the life of boxer jake la motta , a middleweight icon from the '40s and '50s , and develops one of the most compelling character studies ever to reach the big screen ."	1
"effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent ."	1
the screenplay was written by rama laurie stagner ( with arlene sarner and jerry leichtling ) .	1
you're gonna have to see for yourself .	1
just a little perception and insight and you could write your own bulworth rants .	1
"in fact , the last time that i've seen a guy so scared in a movie was john turturro in that forest scene from the coen brothers' miller's crossing ."	1
"the film is like a letter bomb to the democratic party , and even if you don't agree with beatty's liberal message about the unrequited duties of the federal government , it is hard to deny the impact the film has in exploring the monetary and moral debauchery that infests modern politics ."	1
"only , not to rec . arts . sf . movies ."	1
"everybody needs love , even ancient chinese warrior princesses , but not necessarily in * this * film ."	1
"city of angels is the kind of love story that i enjoy the most : thought-provoking , moving , and completely unsentimental ."	1
"in an excellent performance , nick nolte plays c-for-charlie's commanding officer , lt . col . gordon tall ."	1
"in the immortal words of homer j . simpson - "" d'oh ! ! """	1
"the technical quality is also remarkable , with great special effects and a good musical score ."	1
the postman a film review by michael redman copyright 1997 by michael redman	1
"it just never did anything for me , until now ."	1
"a sampling of titles range from damn it , janet to touch-a touch-a touch-a touch me ."	1
it's a rookie cop's narcotics training alongside a seasoned police veteran .	1
"a mere couple of scenes later , the two embark on a journey to toronto from their small , unnamed american town in pursuit of a rare doll that marcy desperately wants ."	1
and your jewish man raising a family .	1
"mary , playing the straight role , is as sweet and caring as she is beautiful ."	1
"a showcase for mr . aronofsky's technical virtuosity ( made for $60 000 , it's since gone on to capture acclaim at the 1998 sundance film festival ) , pi is an intriguingly cerebral story which , ironically , is perhaps the most purely visceral film of the year ."	1
the death count is the highest of any carry on film .	1
blade is the movie that shows that wesley snipes really can live up to his potential as one of hollywood's premier leading men .	1
"then , one evening , his anonymity is shattered when professor lambeau ( stellan skarsgard ) catches him at work ."	1
"in a scene after they have moved in together and established adjoining studios , she asks what he hopes to achieve on his latest canvas , grilling him about the interplay of cubism and surrealism until he says , "" you paint the fucking thing , "" and leaves in a huff ."	1
( a mild r rating )	1
"it seems anderson saw the film was going on a bit , and needed to wrap up quickly ."	1
"( the title is taken from brooks' wish that nasa would send a payload of hundreds of expendable robots to scurry about the martian surface , creating a sort of road map for the terrain -- fast , cheap , and out of control . )"	1
"likewise , jackie has a _great_ supporting cast , many of whom were also in other early jackie films , and they're often the source of plenty of hilarity on their own ."	1
"with an appealing ( "" blade runner "" - type ) of detective story , this film presents the beauty and possibilities of virtual reality and the lurking danger that is always present ."	1
"lola , a contemporary goth-girl with blazing red hair receives a desperate phone call from her boyfriend manni one day ."	1
"the favor eventually blossoms into her working as a courier , a one-persons delivery service ."	1
"a man named hugo moves into the apartment's remaining vacancy , and the next morning he is found dead of a drug overdose ."	1
"but as he slowly begins to realize the answers , it makes him stronger and gives him a greater chance to save annie ."	1
"when jim henson passed away , he left behind diverse legions of fans and a company whose ultimate success , it now seems , hinged on his input ."	1
it's annoying to watch a film and play a game where you try to see who could have done the role way better than the one on screen without mentioning the actor who played them first .	1
"although they don't know what they're looking for , their inquisitiveness causes the bad guys to take some action ."	1
"this was an age when porn directors actually aspired to make innovative often educational films , films that attempted to tell a real story ."	1
"like the children it portrays , the movie starts from the dark realms of awful cinema and works its way up to a show-stopping performance at the legendary concert hall ."	1
"the murders which open this film result in reuniting the survivors -- single-minded tabloid tv reporter gale weathers ( courteney cox ) roars into town to cover the breaking story , while ever-awkward former deputy dewey riley ( david arquette ) flies in to protectively guard over sidney ."	1
"through edgecomb's experiences on a cell block known as the green mile where death row prisoners wait and repent , the audience sees good and evil on both sides of the law ."	1
"the supporting cast is excellent , and the town of seahaven looks delightfully perfect , so perfect it's creepy ."	1
"it's early in the year , it's a comedy , and teenagers have little clout , but for my money , witherspoon deserves an oscar nomination ."	1
the reality of the images will strike frighteningly close to home when viewed as actual video instead of the tape-to-film transfer done for the big screen .	1
there is a very interesting contrast between the traditional battle style and martin's take-no-prisoners method .	1
"anyway , since the trailer gave it away , i figure it's fair game to discuss here ."	1
"dr . fuentes picks up several companions during his journey , all of whom are characterized by their loss ."	1
great stuff .	1
"the directing is first-rate , and the performances - bates in particular - contribute to making this a suitably nightmarish little gem ."	1
the river wild was one of the best action/suspense films i have seen from the 90s .	1
one of them continues a confrontation that was only touched on lightly in the film .	1
"the moment when jane fuller confesses her love for douglas hall is at once satisfying , wrenching and intellectually challenging ."	1
"blue "" ) in a touching and humorous performance ."	1
"rick has claimed he has been to hamunaptra during a battle , and that's why she chose him to lead her there ."	1
"there's taran ( grant bardsley ) , an assistant pig keeper who would rather be a warrior than a pig-keeper , the story's hero ."	1
starring costner ?	1
"seeing kiki regain faith in herself is marvelous , and the principal device used to do it is so sublime that i don't even want to hint at it ."	1
"everyone else is magnificent , including bert and ernie ( ward bond and frank faylen ) ."	1
"big , broad , hispanic laughs that , for me , recall the physical comedy of blake edwards and his pink panther films ."	1
the rest of the movie follows valiant and roger as they run around town ( and eventually toontown ) trying to clear roger's good name .	1
"not that these are the only things that make nello's life happy , however ."	1
"his name is sean , and marcy finds him repugnant at first , so you can obviously tell where this is headed ."	1
"richard gere can be a commanding actor , but he's not always in great films ."	1
but then trouble begins .	1
"shrek , a green giant with bobbly antennae-like ears , is a grumpy recluse who really yearns to fit in ( although who could put up with his habit of making candles from his own ear wax ? ) ."	1
"although he aimed for the directing credit to go to "" alan smithee , "" the resident name for any film that is to be disowned by its director , it wasn't allowed to him , under the grounds that once you disown a film , you can not badmouth it ( but really , that's the macguffin - no one really wanted a film this good to be given the alan smithee sign of disapproval ) ."	1
screened as part of the 2001 new york film festival retrospectives ( feature story coming soon ) .	1
there is a great amount of talent in this supporting cast but it just never appears .	1
terence malick returns to filmmaking 20 years after days of heaven and produces this meditative look at war .	1
"the wormwoods barely notice matilda exists , and when they do , it is only to scold her for spending too much time reading books ."	1
"cameron diaz gives her best performance to date here , and has a lot of fun in playing the hateful laura , who eventually turns out to be more crazy than any of the five male friends ."	1
"it starts in the present , where bill paxton and his band of scientists explore the depths of the ship's wreckage ."	1
"on top of that , young billingsley's stupefied reactions to each predicament is absolutely perfect in contrast with the narration ."	1
"was unjustly ignored in theaters , and i hope it finds its deserved audience on home video ."	1
someone comes up with the idea of having a cyborg robocop so they use any parts worth scalvaging from peter weller and make him into the robocop the movie is titled after .	1
robert towne's screenplay takes some of the conventions set up in the first film and parodies them during a sequence where ethan must break into a high-rise building and retrieve the remaining specimens of the virus .	1
"this time , we get to see the entire gobbling action , with floating limbs and all ."	1
"the movie tugs at your heart , but it never goes for the jugular ."	1
"zwick knows exactly how to provoke tension , horror and emotions and does it with a rarely observed professionalism ."	1
the movie's pacing is very good and subtle .	1
the purpose behind mst3k is to exploit some of the worst films known ( even if by very few of us ) to man .	1
"when i was asked to see this movie with a friend , my initial reaction was ? not hugh grant ! '"	1
"he's strong , but weak at the same time , and must be aided by his wife ( elizabeth berridge ) , who is good in her role , but lacks dramatic depth ."	1
all these necessary `disclaiming' elements should go to show just how vast the story of the `star wars' series is and this individual film itself .	1
"books could be , and indeed have been written about the star wars trilogy , and rightfully so ."	1
consider the strange coincidence of russell crowe's character in proof of life making the moves on a distraught wife played by meg ryan's character in the film -- all while the real russell crowe was hitching up with married woman meg ryan in the outside world .	1
"kuzco then gets stranded in the jungle and must rely on pacha ( john goodman ) , a llama-herder whose home was to be replaced by kuzco's water world theme park , to save him ."	1
you can figure out for yourself who does the voice of god .	1
"the scene unfolds like a foursome bidding in bridge--upping the ante , signaling tacitly , going for game ."	1
most noticeably sequences on a snow covered mountain and one involving bond getting through a closing door looked like apted thought he was filming some sort of high brow art movie .	1
"there's not much of a discernable spark between either the two characters or the actors themselves , and the scenes in which she indignantly confronts the megalomaniac christoff ( ed harris ) with regards to the moral ambiguity of his actions unnecessarily spells things out for the audience , thankfully avoided elsewhere in the film ."	1
"after all , who would leave everything behind to chase a lost love ?"	1
up !	1
"with the help of mushu , a horse , and a lucky cricket , can army recruit mulan save china and bring honor to the fa family ?"	1
it's a pleasure to watch such a wonderful film that is propelled almost solely by the characters and performances .	1
the focus of the story is two brothers .	1
"the bus driver , dolores driscoll ( gabrielle rose ) , is a kindly woman who loved the children and , although she lives with a burden of guilt , is not held responsible for the accident ."	1
"line of the movie : crystal : "" when you said you needed family therapy , this is not the family i had in mind ! """	1
"there are several moments of accidental = hilarity , and most of them occur when jesus is attempting to preach ."	1
"film makers are no less fascinated by issues of destiny than anyone else , and that's why there's no shortage of movies about this subject ."	1
"with plans to sell it , onegin pays a summer visit to the manor , which is located in an underpopulated russian countryside , and not long into the trip he meets a neighbouring family of blue bloods ."	1
the camera is almost always looking over the shoulder of our heroes so we feel as if we are right there with them when they open a door or climb a hill .	1
"only the "" cousin "" chapter lacks the emotional depth of the rest and feels like a perfunctory addition to felix's "" family . """	1
"10 . the friends are all wildly successful in the world of entertainment and the arts , sometimes internationally so ."	1
"all right , stop looking at me like that ."	1
spielberg at time takes us inside the heads of these individuals as they face death during the horrific battle scenes .	1
"sharon stone as bala shows off some of her comic ability , though for the most part , stone works best as a dramatic actress ."	1
"her sequences of child abuse are shot in a hard-hitting emotional , rather than graphic , manner , and are very effective ."	1
"i believe that robert duvall ( who is the producer , director , writer , and main star of the apostle ) deserves an oscar for his performance as sonny the religious crusader - - a performance which is so complex and realistic it ranks as one of the finest acting performances on film ."	1
"being a legend , he is quickly able to get a nice job running a big dance club ( this is the 70s , by the way , and since some of this takes place in night clubs , we get to hear all sorts of 70s classics , including several k . c ."	1
with dedication comes a certain amount of stupidity .	1
the noise tracks for these scenes are dominated by sirens ; predictably one of roberta's students is gunned down and killed off screen .	1
"the "" quilting bee "" consists of seven members : sisters gladys ( ann bancroft ) and hy ( ellen burstyn ) ; sophia ( lois smith ) , a woman known for frightening children ; emma ( jean simmons ) , the timid wife of a perpetually unfaithful man ; constance ( kate nelligan ) , who has been having an affair with emma's husband ; anna ( maya angelou ) , the leader of the group ; and marianna ( alfre woodard ) , anna's daughter ."	1
he and cinematographer remi adefarasin have crafted a film with a rich color palette that is a feast for the eyes .	1
"really , seven doesn't just comment on the superficial obviousness of how screwed-up john doe is ."	1
and life is never so bad that it can't get worse .	1
"so , it is a natural progression when she decides to run for school president ."	1
"recently , i've seen the films of hitchcock , capra , fellini , godard , kurosawa , chaplin , lang , and many others ."	1
synopsis : it's 1977 in a small italian american neighborhood in new york .	1
"thematically , the film is also strong ."	1
"luckily , disney's latest animated offering , mulan , manages to be engaging and refreshing , even while rife with formula ."	1
"as for myself , when i saw the movie for the first time ( on converted ntsc video ) , i didn't expect much at all ."	1
earl brown--miles away from the cameraman in _scream_ ) .	1
we see the story unfold as spacey retells it .	1
"our unlikely hero finds himself in port adelaide , where he wanders the streets and meets people , where he suffers and learns and survives ."	1
"he and his team are responsible for cleaning out the american southwest , and after exterminating a nest one night , they run up against a super-vampire ( termed a "" master "" ) named valek ( thomas ian griffith ) ."	1
what's even better is the film's puzzling message . . . am	1
"dr . evil is now assisted by mini-me ( verne troyer ) , a pint-sized clone who is the result of an experiment gone awry ."	1
"never mind that there's so much going on in this movie in terms of plot , action , special effects and long-term story that to analyze every aspect would take a lot of time and energy and still wouldn't cover everything ."	1
"if you made a frankenstein movie today , you'd have to have the monster be a virus or something -- and outside of michael j . fox , there aren't any actors that could play a virus convincingly ."	1
kevin bacon gives one of his fair performances as ray duquette .	1
"on the downside , a few of the heroes and especially the villain never really lift off ."	1
"jabba the hutt , yoda , c-3po and r2-d2 have cameo appearances ."	1
""" you know , for kids "" - norville barnes"	1
"meir's father tells him that the marriage contract must be broken : "" a man who dies without progeny rips a page from the torah . """	1
"unfortunately , by making battle realistic irvin made it somewhat less attractive and his sloppy editing also didn't help ."	1
"because of this , leonard is forced to rely on notes he leaves for himself ."	1
"as with virtually all burton movies , we are treated to a wonderful score by composer danny elfman , who has once again poured excitement and imagination into an atmospheric soundtrack that accentuates the gothic mood perfectly ."	1
"although the physical damage is inflicted mainly on the children , the adults bear the emotional scars of the loss ."	1
( 1 : 33 )	1
"while this is going on , danny and his old drunkard buddie , ike ( ken stott , who played the chief inspector in danny boyle's "" shallow grave "" ) , re-open an old gym which allows the two opposing religios sects , protestant and catholics , to work together ."	1
"( his hero is peter paul rubens , the great flemish painter of the 17th century . )"	1
"there , they become friends , then learn about eachother ."	1
do i make your horny ?	1
walsh ( in his latest and final posthumous performance ) .	1
"once the double murder at stab becomes big news , the media converges on windsor , looking to interview the original victim ."	1
the film can be described in one word : weird .	1
kids have to go see the movie .	1
"harry connick jr . does a nice characterization as dean , and i really enjoyed the voice work of john mahoney ( of tv's "" frasier "" ) as an army general called in by agent mansley ."	1
"however , due to the fact that hbo shows the movie every single day , i've had time to lean back , relax , and take in the film ."	1
the institution of the state only misses first place for technical reasons like it hasn't been a major player for as long or the two are frequently indistinguishable .	1
"i don't know how many other people have had the idea cross their mind that their life could be an ongoing television show watched by another world of people , but it's something i used to wonder about when i was younger ."	1
you will never feel as if you just walked in on the third act of some great opera .	1
"however , none of them stands out above the material ."	1
"yet , he must reach his goal of $50 million , which requires him to steal the energy formula , putting his feelings aside ."	1
"ewan mcgregor is extremely likable as christian , emphasizing the sincerity of the love-struck poet ."	1
"no matter how many students have come and gone , and disappointed him as an educator , she's the real threat ."	1
"goodman and sizemore are both electric ( well , mainly sizemore ) , but it's the phenomenal ving rhames who deserves a second look ."	1
"he also earns his name as the movie's narrator , spouting memorable lines like "" the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist "" ( although , obviously , he does exist -- what else could explain kris kross having a comeback in 1996 ? ) while being interrogated by police detective chazz palminteri ( any actor with multiple z's in their name is okay in my book ) ."	1
"after a sort of confusing bit involving fake-looking cyborg things , the movie jumps into the future and the movie improves by leaps and bounds ."	1
"adding to the predictability is the cast of characters , which of course , has to include at least one or two difficult people who want to do things their own way and think the qualified guy ( in this case stallone ) doesn't know what he is doing ."	1
the plot in this movie really isn't that important to the thing though .	1
"the events of the film were sufficiently intense and disturbing that i honestly felt quite troubled by what i was witnessing on screen most of the time , yet there was a slight grin on my face at the end ."	1
"in present day hanoi , three sisters reflect on their parents' relationship while trying to define their own in writer/director tran anh hung's ( "" the scent of green papaya "" ) "" the vertical ray of the sun . """	1
"what the film deserves kudos for is its ability to create a villain as heinous as they come , yet making him seem completely plausible ."	1
"simon is played by ian michael smith , who suffers from a rare enzyme disorder known as morquio syndrome which , among other things , prevents bones , ligaments , and joints from developing normally ."	1
"even though , in the sixth sense he is the "" name "" , he doesn't have the pivotal role ."	1
"he decided not to sell them to me , because they were "" innappropriate "" ."	1
"it is a wonderful moment of moviemaking and gives us , in my mind , the best movie song of the year ."	1
and funny !	1
it's only an effective wrap-up if you don't think too carefully about its full implications .	1
"in fact , were it not for the rampant drug use and the intermittent dark moment , "" 54 "" would be about as feathery as the time period's popular female hairstyle ."	1
"by the time the film makes it to the midpoint , everything that is going to happen in terms of plot happens ."	1
"in one of the strongest we watch william in a flashback as he has his first sexual encounter , a homosexual one ."	1
"uhf satirizes anything and everything to do with television , including game shows , tabloid talk shows , children's shows , dizzy news women , and movies--everything from rambo to close encounters ."	1
most of the film deals with richard's complex investigation as he tries to find the one-armed man who killed his wife .	1
they show not to make assumptions from first glance and that oddness is common in all places under all circumstances .	1
and he showed them all up .	1
"it not only takes balls but intelligence to make a human being out of a neo-nazi skinhead , a kind of person who dedicates their lives to hating anyone who's not what they are , and this film wisely and miracurously pulls it off ."	1
"and while the film , like all romantic comedies , takes a hiatus from laughs towards the end because the plot has to finish up , there are more than enough truly hilarious moments in the first hour that make up for any slumps in progress during the second half ."	1
but this won't stop the aggressive bowfinger .	1
"in a season of the specialist and pulp fiction et al , maybe a remake of miracle on 34th street * is * necessary ."	1
"brean and his advisors never seem concerned that what they are doing is unethical ; rather , they worry about how convincing it will be and whether or not they have enough money to pull it off ."	1
can you get any more questionable than john grisham ?	1
"this all changes , however , when he meets viola de lesseps ( a radiant gwyneth paltrow ) , a young heiress set to marry the financially-oriented lord wessex ( colin firth ) ."	1
"here he several of the characters are mesmerizing , but that characteristic is not really used ."	1
"carrey seems to be the type of character actor who would always turn "" on "" and act goofy whenever the camera is near ."	1
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .	1
and you will come out changed on the other side .	1
""" are we entertaining royalty ? """	1
"many people who saw "" seven years in tibet "" will have a "" been there , done that "" attitude ."	1
"the two friends often doll themselves up and head out to the nameless nightspot , looking good and looking for excitement ( and that ms . beckinsale sure looks good on a dancefloor ! ) ."	1
"the style is the best part of the film , which isn't really a bad thing , but it being the best part takes away from a lot of the depth the film occasionally tries to apply ."	1
"american movies , with rare exceptions , have not and i would daresay cannot approach foreign films in character development ."	1
"however , if you are cool with those two things , you are in for one of the most memorable experiences you will ever have ."	1
henry ably manages to avoid diluting his story by aiming at too many targets and the result is a crisp and funny mini-classic .	1
"marie still asks herself these questions a year later , and in order to move on with her life , she must find some answers ."	1
"you frantically monitor several closed doors which , in seconds , will release vicious enemies prepared to destroy you ."	1
"in my mind , the movie is less about the relationship between andreas and claire , than the feelings of everyone involved ."	1
alongside the dream of success is the dream of salvation .	1
i saw memorias as part of a cuban cinema class back in the late '70s ; it merged the politics of the cuban revolution with mundane elements of the human condition .	1
until mrs .	1
the core scene of the movie is set on a surrealistic beach on a far-away world in the starsystem of vega .	1
"tamahori is able to create a lot of suspense from the stalking bear , but whenever the bear is present , the characters lose all sensibility ."	1
"after being exposed to two and half hours of the film and three decades of criminal history ( based on some notorious real life events ) , the audience understands why the characters chose such dangerous life paths , trading the superficial and short-lasting glamour and prosperity of a criminal to the dullness and poverty of honest citizens ."	1
"and by putting this idea in the setting of a small-town high school , it perfectly contrasts with the alienation that most teenagers usually go through when relating to adults and other peers ."	1
best of all are ben affleck and matt damon who mock themselves and their movies .	1
"as much as i wanted to like this film as i went into it , the more pleased i was when i left ."	1
"but one quiet pilot , chuck eager ( played by sam shaped ) succeeds and thus gives example for whole new generation of test pilots , determined to enter history books by breaking new speed records ."	1
"as the movie's villain , there is nothing particularly special or catching about the character of clayton ."	1
"there are also a number of unrelated vignettes appearing throughout the film , which help to illustrate and accentuate the role of food in people's lives ."	1
"to begin with , the two hit men : vincent vega ( john travolta ) and jules winnfield ( samuel l . jackson ) ."	1
"but , like the card sharp , the matrix wows its audience to such a high degree that actual content is irrelevent ."	1
the depth to the story and characters is truly astounding .	1
"a man desperately trying to keep his balance , focus , family and sanity , while everything is crashing all around him ."	1
"he realizes the relationship would be forced , and they would only be together for the sake of being together ."	1
"despite this fact , i surely hope that the audience members who have seen this film will tell their friends about it ."	1
"the acting is bad from weller when he is human , but very good when he is robocop ."	1
there's actually a story with depth here .	1
"we already know that there's going to be a happy ending ; we feel like we spend the entire film , however enjoyably , in a straight line going towards that point ."	1
"with stars like sigourney weaver ( "" alien "" trilogy ) and academy award winner holly hunter ( the piano , raising arizona , etc . ) together in a single hollywood production , one would immediately identify the film as a potential academy award hot shot ."	1
"he works with time as a fluid substance , shifting back and forth between the past , the distant past , and the present with effortless ease ."	1
"oh , well ."	1
to describe the story of mafia !	1
"drawing from a number of different films ( like the beatles' "" hard day's night "" ) "" spice world "" chronicles the week heading up to the girls' first concert at london's albert hall ."	1
"fortunately , they take her hostage , and she and jack spend some quality time in the trunk together as buddy drives them to safety ."	1
"they go to a quite elegant party in what seems to be a storagehouse for lighting equipment , which is actually an apartment owned by pollack ."	1
"the actor brings a variety of nervous tics to the part , all of which subtly add to a vague sense of discomfort whenever oscar is on-screen ."	1
and the performances match that style with ease .	1
"his latest release , "" shanghai noon "" , is a joyful tribute / spoof of the classic western ."	1
"in addition , the survivors are endearing geek tod ( chad e . donella ) , jocky control-freak carter ( kerr smith of `dawson's creek' ) , carter's ditzy girlfriend terry ( amanda detmer ) , the none-too-subtly named billy hitchcock ( seann william scott , supplier of lukewarm comic relief ) and a lone teacher - the emotionally delicate ms . lewton ( kristin cloke ) ."	1
"with clever parallels to the cult of celebrity , music and with incredibly direct narration , it addresses the average audience member , in other words -- people like you and me ."	1
where's joblo coming from ?	1
"both films are also flawed , but for different reasons ."	1
"it won the 1977 best picture oscar , and a sequel arrived in theaters before raging bull went into production ."	1
"janeane garofalo is not only the queen of the romantic comedy , she is the best comic actress in hollywood right now ."	1
"even if i did not know that director and co-writers james wong and jeffrey reddick of the creepy final destination helped create the hit television show the x-files , i would have inevitably made a connection ."	1
nor is it a film that portrays explosions purely for entertainment values .	1
"however , the film works best as an action film ."	1
"as narrated by kenneth branagh and with diary excepts read by glenn close , anne frank remembered retells more than just anne's story ."	1
i am sure i must have seen almost the identical plot before .	1
is a most interesting and thought-provoking examination of a future that is quickly gaining on us .	1
"not part of the daily dose if obtained , sex is a bonus ."	1
anyone with a taste for this kind of absurd humor ought to make this film their next rental from the video store .	1
"even if it could have been better , this'll do ."	1
"the film opens with what sounds like family drama theme music , when truman's world is still beautiful and perfect ."	1
"at first , their relationship is that of a reverend and a confessor , but it doesn't take long for both of them to recognize a kindred spirit in the other ."	1
he knows that he needs to write something fresh and original and quick or else his career will be over .	1
harrison ford has done one role for several years .	1
"heinlein's basic motifs are so faithfully rendered that their flaws become a source of amusement , while their strengths become the stuff of high-energy entertainment ."	1
"there are some excellent , laugh out loud jokes in the film , and some superbly funny set pieces ( such as favreau cringe-worhy battle with a answer machine that always cut him off before he finishes his sentence ."	1
"as is the case with most disney musicals , the songs are first rate and pervasive throughout the film ."	1
"either poor acting or poor directing , but something definitely went wrong ."	1
but twister had amazing effects and i was hoping so would volcano	1
"with 'twister' , 'dante's peak' , 'volcano' and soon 'flood' and james cameron's extremly expensive 'titanic'"	1
"the weaker labyrinth is probably better-known , which is upsetting ."	1
normally a film will be very dark in order to scare a viewer ; aliens uses lights to scare the viewer .	1
"heck , jackie doesn't even have enough money for a haircut , looks like , much less a personal hairstylist ."	1
most of the new special effects in his re-released special edition trilogy in 1997 were changes that allowed him to give the earlier movies the look and feel that just weren't possible when the films were made .	1
children watch the flames in a burning television .	1
"harrelson is an attractive , charismatic man , and his strong performance paints flynt as a colorful folk hero ."	1
"but no , this tacky plug comes from the poster for suspiria , perhaps italian horror director dario argento's most consistently successful film ."	1
"this is what coppola was looking for in "" apocalypse now "" , but couldn't create ."	1
"braveheart may not be an historically corrected movie but the nature of its message make us think about the importance that we give to liberty , nowadays ."	1
"the young , upwardly-mobile professional ( don't call them yuppies ! )"	1
he is exactly the man you would want at your wedding .	1
"walking out of the theater , i could see the audience's disgust . . ."	1
this movie possesses that same quality that makes pixar studios' animation great : precise and unwavering attention to detail .	1
"what a movie , it is everything rolled into one : an offensive , offbeat , smart and sassy comedy that surprisingly has a great message at the end , and ends up being a feel-good movie ."	1
"neve campbell , who most people relate to scream and scream 2 , plays blue bay outcast suzie toller ."	1
such details gives the impression that the beauty shown in the movie is only the tip of the iceberg .	1
"once agents from different countries assigned to "" erase "" each other , they instead fell in love , married and retired to raise a family ."	1
"the scientists engage in a rational argument , highlighting their different points of view , while lillian reacts in an emotional way , siding mostly with david's view but coming at it from a much different angle ."	1
""" and said , for this cause shall a man leave father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife : and they twain shall be one flesh ? """	1
not at all .	1
some may be put off by the action filled climax of the movie .	1
"in fact , maybe a new face would have been better ."	1
"what is unique about death is that it's already dead , so you can't really kill it ."	1
"the first is that new york is the rich , cosmopolitan city where hope and opportunity are symbolized by the tall skyscrapers and the statue of liberty ."	1
"indeed , it's one of the year's best feel-good movies -- 91 minutes of unrestrained joy that no one should miss ."	1
"darth vader was once a jedi , until he turned to the dark side ."	1
"i must admit , my first glimpse of the video cover for not of this earth was not encouraging ."	1
a show about nothing ?	1
he feels so good afterwards that he actually eats something .	1
if not well you get the jurisdiction .	1
beloved represents the pain and suffering the slaves went through and shows how difficult it was for them to deal with their freedom after being tortured for so long .	1
"legend has it that if your roommate commits suicide , the remaining roommates will get an automatic 4 . 0 ."	1
"filmmakers can sometimes make or break a film just from its opening title sequence , and this one easily gets you in the mindset for an entertaining ride ."	1
"the atmosphere is explosive , and some of pivotal moments of confrontation are riveting ."	1
if rose mcgowan is sexy then i'm marilyn manson .	1
interesting trivia : this was rated r in the us but rated 'barntill ? ten' in sweden wich means that anyone at any age can see it .	1
"with 11 days to go until the election , the president ( who we never see ) calls in political dirty-tricks artist robert deniro to distract attention from a burgeoning sex scandal ."	1
"after attempting to repair a malfunctioning toaster , lovably ignorant patriarch homer realizes he has created a portable time-machine ."	1
"but , with a little imagination , some charm and raw sex appeal and a rather novel approach to junior achievement , our heroine manages to overcome the nay-sayers in her life , at least temporarily ."	1
"but watching some of these other action films is sort of like experiencing a sugar rush ; after the initial excitement , there's not much left ."	1
"from my first viewing , i noticed that david mamet's film was intense and clever at times but boring and cliched at other times especially at the beginning ."	1
"young yee jee tso shows promise as chang lee , and i've seen him in other stuff in which he usually plays the punk kid who dies at the end ( this film included ) , which , imho , wastes his talent ."	1
"every character in the film is , in some way or another , trying to find his identity--struggling to negotiate a balance between his native culture and the american way ."	1
"when it finally does blossom , it seems too quick to be plausible ."	1
"complicating matters somewhat are the mobsters who have backed hackman's other films and want in on this one too , along with travolta's mob boss trying to track him down for defecting ."	1
"i like breathing through it . """	1
"but it doesn't end , ash now has to fight his severed hand which now moves with the same celerity as thing from the addams family ."	1
"once labeled the "" ice queen , "" nicole kidman melts that characterization with a sizzling , yet tender , performance ."	1
"the plot , as in most of them , is pure balderdash , but seems to have a nice kind of edge to it ."	1
"without the proper handling , they come off as old-fashioned , bland , and outdated ."	1
"here is a film that is so unexpected , so scary , and so original that it caught me off guard and threw me for a loop ."	1
suffice to say it's a rewarding experience .	1
"the alternate method of comprehension is that with which most of us are familiar , the high school english course ."	1
"in the world of "" what have you done for me lately ? "" , he knows his second book has to be better than his first ."	1
"i realize that it wouldn't be much of a movie otherwise , but it does make the movie a bit predictable ."	1
i was dead wrong about all of those things .	1
"landlord baltus von tassel ( michael gambon ) explains to crane that the heads have been severed from the carcass and mysteriously taken in each separate case , and that they believe the murderer is a dead hessian trooper ( played briefly by a wonderfully jarring christopher walken ) who has risen from the grave after being decapitated in the western woods ."	1
"these two people , with very similar approaches to life initially , react to their new circumstance very differently ."	1
cinematographer john seale ( the english patient ) provides some of the most stunning images i've seen on the big screen : hundreds of black-clad angels stand on a dim beach in the early morning hours ( just as an example ) .	1
but the lion's share of the jokes come at the expense of the wonderful world of disney .	1
"first of all , what was with all of the gangsta hip-hop music used in pretty much every other scene transition ?"	1
he is head over heels in love and lindas sudden departure to new york city to live with her new lover anton ( tch ? ky karyo ) comes as a complete surprise to him .	1
"although prior to this turning point benigni plays guido with a sort of goofy charm , he relaxes the role to ensure his son's happiness ."	1
"unfortunately , because of those overused moments , we can pretty much guess the outcome of the film ."	1
"the bulk of those scenes , which bookend the movie , work extremely well as establishment and closure devices for all of the story's characters ."	1
"thirteen years ago , geeky ted ( ben stiller ) lucked out in having dazzling mary ( cameron diaz ) go with him to the senior prom ."	1
one of the best movies i've ever seen .	1
"the film manages to cross all barriers ; it should be accessible to both children and adults , brits and yanks , rats and chickens ."	1
sometimes both .	1
"based on a story concocted by himself , and also written by beatty , bulworth gives a good insight of what beatty thinks of the american government system ."	1
"you know disney , they can't deal with the threat of any other studio getting even a small piece of the crust of the kiddie entertainment pie , so when someone else wants to make a little money , they counter with an old "" masterpiece "" from their vault and , you know what , i went to see this 1989 cartoon rather than the brand new one from fox ."	1
the role calls for an extremely wide range of emotions none the least of which is simply playing a mother beset with a multitude of domestic responsibilities .	1
"however , nothing allen has ever done prepared me for this one-of-a-kind display of sheer good spirits ."	1
"she+s quirky , she+s elderly , she+s caring ."	1
"and last , the film creates a few dazzling and scary set-pieces that are some of the most memorable i've seen in a horror movie , particularly the suspenseful , superbly shot sequence involving helen at her family's store with the killer inside with her ."	1
"i highly recommend both of them , and consider them to be the two best war movies ever made ."	1
"to this end he is enthusiastically assisted by his equally underachieving twentysomething actor friends , such as trent ( vince vaughn with the film's most animated performance ) , who has the gift of gab bordering on the disturbing side of motivational speaking , gun-toting sue ( patrick van horn ) , and rob ( ron livingston ) , who once played hamlet but now longs to work as goofy in disneyland , but doesn't succeed because of his lack of "" theme park experience . """	1
"one sequence that stands out is when judith is at a restaurant by herself , reading a novel ."	1
"or if it is an occurrence that is predetermined by some much larger force within the world , or outside of it ?"	1
"they are individuals , and our ability to make that distinction is crucial to the movie's success ."	1
"bunny is to accompany git hynes ( peter mcdonald ) , recently released from prison and obligated to tom for disfiguring one of his cronies ."	1
""" the iron giant , "" which was directed and co-written by brad bird , late of such animated series as "" the simpsons "" and "" king of the hill , "" assumes that not only can children handle such discussions , but that they can do so while being entertained at the same time ."	1
"the final sequence is touching and appropriate , though i won't give it away , i will say that very few will be disappointed ."	1
"cartman , stan , kenny and kyle are very excited to see the new terrance and phillip ( beavis and butthead types ) movie "" asses of fire "" ."	1
"schindler's list had ralph fiennes' superbly-realized amon goeth , who was not only a three-dimensional character , but a personification of all that the nazis stood for ."	1
i found it quite intriguing and delightful and went back 3 more times in the period it endured at the box office .	1
"it means that he may have to lose his reputation by associating with the nerdiest kid in school , who knows more about rocket science than he does ."	1
hamlet is a complicated tale of treachery and revenge in which triumph and defeat become one .	1
this film has taken a critical drubbing from many who view it as an essentially pointless film that simply throws one trip scene after another at the audience .	1
"and it is a shame , too , because this is otherwise by far one of the standouts this year ."	1
"for the completist who must have every little bit of rocky horror paraphernalia , a misprinted end sequence and alternate credit sequence are also presented here ."	1
"as the film begins , there is an incredible palette of colors , beautiful sunrises , lush golden fields , green forests , inky-blue clouds and blending sun ."	1
"speaking in the vaguest possible terms , the basics of the plot are as follows : in the year 2259 , a great force of evil threatens to consume the earth , and only the four elements--earth , wind , fire , and water--united with a fifth element can stop it ."	1
"on the surface , it may look that way - audience is forced to sympathise with van dorn and his quest ."	1
"but while i was engrossed , i stumbled upon my thoughts halfway through the film , awakened from my trance by some inner distraction , and began to try and follow what's going on ."	1
availability over here in the united states is very limited ; these films must either be purchased via pirates or sought out from asian distributors such as tai seng .	1
tenebrae is also marred by annoying little inconsistencies .	1
"utilizing the films unforgettable dialogue , the two men discuss such things as hamburgers and foot massages before they bust into an apartment to terrorize the occupants ."	1
sylvester stallone's tale of boxing triumph was released to great critical acclaim in 1976 .	1
but these are minor complaints .	1
the disc contains two versions of the film's audio : a stereo 2 . 0 track and a newly remastered dolby digital 5 . 1 .	1
"when paul d ( danny glover ) -- a former slave who escaped kentucky along with sethe -- arrives at the house eight years later and is confronted with the ghost's hellish visions , he doesn't run in terror ."	1
"veteran english composer john barry was originally signed to score the film but left the project which is a pity , since "" the horse whisperer "" is "" dances with wolves "" by way of "" out of africa "" ( oscar winners both for barry ) ."	1
that is a side which has been missing from nearly every major character he has played in his numerous commercial successes .	1
the corruptor ( 7/10 ) - crimson tide ( 9/10 ) - l . a . confidential ( /10 ) - lethal weapon ( 8/10 ) - requiem for a dream ( 8/10 ) - seven ( 10/10 ) - shaft ( 7/10 ) - traffic ( 8/10 )	1
"the film juggles all these stories for over three hours , but even after all this time not one story is resolved satisfactorily ."	1
yum !	1
"sid james , with an american accent , is perfect as the rumpo kid , a part which suits him down to the ground ."	1
the casting of casablanca was right on target not just in a case of main leads .	1
you'll see .	1
""" the deep end "" is an exceptional film and tilda swinton is the best part of it ."	1
"it couldn't have been the directing , because both films were helmed by the same woman ."	1
"the strangers have the ability to 'tune , ' or warp reality using telepathic powers ."	1
the casting is fairly good .	1
"and right around the corner they usually are , for the script tells a fast-paced , albeit frequently revisited story ."	1
"the team is led by laurence fishburne , and joining them is sam neill who plays the scientist that invented the gravity drive ."	1
"matrix was an entertaining thrill ride through dreams and reality , combining the best of hollywood's action and effects with an intelligent story ."	1
"while the premise of both may be the = same , execution and focus of the films will in fact show that deep = impact has more focus on human elements than armageddon , which is done = by the team which brought us bad boys , crimson tide and the rock ."	1
"but then , it does seem best to quit while you ? ? ? re ahead , and "" scream 3 "" does a fine job of providing closure to its characters ."	1
this worked pretty well and will offer audiences a couple of unexpected jolts .	1
"this one , as the multi-billionare hadden , does not do his acting skills justice ."	1
"the world is going to end at precisely midnight , january 1st , 2000 ."	1
"what he is gonna do is pay these five people 1 , 000 , 000 dollars if they can survive through the night ."	1
no one knows .	1
"the main characters are all closely intertwined within the seemingly complex murder mystery which never actually happened , yet when they start to go through some of the expected emotions it comes off as distant , static and cold ( mediocre performances by hurt and connelly don't help either ) ."	1
writer edward neumeier adapted the screenplay from the book by robert heinlein .	1
in a verhoeven movie a guy doesn't get shot once in the chest- he gets shot many times all over the body .	1
"bottom line : osment should get an oscar nomination , and you should go see this movie ."	1
"the credibility of the human relationship is absolutely crucial to the rest of the film ; if we don't believe in the characters , we don't care about the outcome of the thriller plot ."	1
"the last fifteen minutes of i still know what you did last summer really picked up , and almost reached the same level as the first film ."	1
"he's not very good , but it is his first try and at least he's not embarrassingly bad ."	1
cameron knows precisely what we want to see .	1
where the script has problems is that in the end it is so ambiguous .	1
"curtis is one of my favorite female actors ; whiplash smart , sultry and charismatic , she deserves more than supporting roles ."	1
"it is intended to present a realistic picture of what alien contact might be like , to restore a sense of wonder and mystery to the issue of extraterrestrial life , to raise questions about science and faith and how they would be relevant in such a situation , and to tell a personal story of a romance between the astronomer dr . ellie arroway ( jodie foster ) and the religious spokesman palmer joss ( matthew mcconaughey ) ."	1
so go see it and enjoy the movie .	1
ok now to the story .	1
"then there are the campy touches of humor besson and co-scripter robert mark kamen sprinkle throughout , which too often are silly and forced ; a comic sexual encounter between ruby rhod and a flight attendant is highly distracting and not very funny , to boot ."	1
"the music , available on cd ( london 289 460 939-2 ) follows the same arc as the movie and is well worth considering ."	1
"however , where the film errs is by not playing up the idea of memory versus the human heart as to what makes a person who he or she is ."	1
"a week later , at his own wedding , he is left standing at the altar by his ex-fianc ? e , linda ( angela featherstone ) ."	1
fellini's views on nostalgia are clearly illustrated with a way he mixes reality and fantasy in this film .	1
"will's relationship with his friends , most notably chucky ( ben affleck ) , is usually rather amusing , if somewhat crude ( the film has 100+ uses of the 'f' word , which was most likely the reason for its r-rating ) , and lends itself well to the development of will's character ."	1
"when he does , walter shouts him down with horrendous albeit seemingly unintentional bowling puns ."	1
first of all we have to catalog what we know about the film before even going into it .	1
"navigating around dr . lester ( orson bean ) , his 105 year-old boss and floris ( mary kay place ) , lester's dotty secretary , craig tries to settle into his new position , but two things keep him distracted ."	1
bathroom humor is kept to a minimum and the numerous well-staged action scenes avoid excessive violence .	1
"fingers crossed , though , that this doesn't stop him from making another evil dead sequel ."	1
"for a while , they are one "" big , happy family . """	1
no matter .	1
"with that in mind , it was refreshing to revisit an animation classic on the big screen that still retains the originality and freshness it had seven years ago ."	1
norris is so effective as john that he makes andreas and claire's love difficult to accept .	1
"internally , the catholics wage war against the protestants ."	1
"however , a murder of a high-level worker at his office is killed , and one of vincent/jerome's eyelashes is found by the anal retentive investigators headed by a semi-wily inspector , hugo , ( alan arkin ) , and none other than vincent's long lost brother , anton , who hasn't seen him since they were teenagers ."	1
"she is very strict with her students , but what insight does that create into the story ?"	1
he has the charm of a 30's movie idol and is able to put himself into silly situations with dignity .	1
the disco tunes playing in the background also make sure that this admittedly long film is good fun .	1
"with an action hero seeking revenge and a comic book villain ready to take him down , it's a lethal weapon for the colonial times ."	1
"director mimi leder ( who won = numerous awards directing television series , and made her debut with = peacekeeper last year ) is definitely a director to watch . =20"	1
his initial investigation into soviet assistance immediately tags patrice as a communist and his integrity is overshadowed by the cold war threat of russian domination .	1
"another plus is gretchen mol's realistic performance , creating her character with depth , not just staying in the one-dimensional phase ."	1
"the print i saw wasn't completely finished ( both color and music had not been finalized , so no comments about marilyn manson ) , but cinematographer peter deming ( don't say a word ) ably captures the dreariness of victorian-era london and helped make the flashy killing scenes remind me of the crazy flashbacks in twin peaks , even though the violence in the film pales in comparison to that in the black-and-white comic ."	1
"the man who once could be relied on for neurotic freshness in cinema has not become less funny , but his films have become less insightful and more like he tossed them together out of unfinished ideas ."	1
"when indy first falls in the well of souls and is face to face with the cobra , you can see the snake's reflection on the glass dividing it and harrison ford , also some fingerprints and stuff like that ."	1
"alluring , attractive blues , but also icy and foreboding ."	1
""" take a number , fill out a form , and wait your turn . """	1
","	1
"peck and bonitzer do an exemplary job telling a complicated tale with a myriad of players , although they frequently succumb to cliche , particularly regarding lumumba's private life ."	1
"mike myers , with his three roles , acts as eddie murphy did in the nutty professor , disguising himself completely in one of the roles ."	1
"the mouse factory's latest feature is a treasure , featuring magnificent animation , a strong story and finely drawn characters ."	1
"in fact , everything was ok until "" the nugent "" came to town ."	1
"not that i'd expect the word "" understatement "" to be part of cameron's vocabulary ( he who brought us such , umm , vivid films as "" terminator 2 "" and "" aliens "" ) ."	1
"it has an extremely negative view of relationships , so seeing it with a girlfriend/boyfriend , could be hazardus to your health ."	1
"okay , over the years , i ? ? ? ll admit that i ? ? ? ve become quite the "" scream "" fan ."	1
"i will not spoil the rest , although i must speak of the one downside to the film ."	1
"buried up to his neck in the desert , roy pleads with chon to dig him out ."	1
"it had a lot going for it , but somewhere along the way , it faltered ."	1
"as i've written before , it's not easy to write plot summaries for films like this , because everything needs to be a surprise ."	1
"everything turns into a confrontation : when cornered by a bum for some change , he shouts , "" no !"	1
.	1
"first time helmer john cameron mitchell , along with composer/lyricist stephen trask , created and starred in their acclaimed off-broadway production that has become the movie ."	1
the film version ( now titled the rocky horror picture show ) was released in 1975 . . .	1
"it might have been created for the wrong reasons , but men like michael bay have my respect for showing me that they are interested in making something good , in spite of the producers and the budget ."	1
"brody is joined by matt hooper ( richard dreyfuss ) , a young , ambitious shark expert from the marine institute ."	1
and guess what ?	1
"travolta does a fair clinton impersonation as governor stanton , although his accent does stray a little ."	1
"locals have turned this mass hysteria into a great business opportunity , selling twig-sculptures , stones and dirt like those in the movie , and the exasperated local sheriff patrols the woods with a bullhorn , shouting , "" get out of these woods and go home !"	1
it does the job .	1
"in this story they are not just killing machines , they have reasonable motives for what they do beyond nutrition ."	1
"with the police on his back for leads , he decides to take a personal interest in the case and he soon becomes drawn into a mystery where all is not as it seems ."	1
"a mandala , ( tibetan sand painting ) with beautiful , vibrant colors is shown throughout the movie ."	1
"heaven , in movies , is almost always depicted as a glowing city of white , purity , and love ."	1
the scene ends only as a british writer would end it .	1
"the story , laughs , and touching scenes evolve as the movie goes along ."	1
"this is not a great motion picture , but , considering how bad most january releases are , it's a reasonably entertaining way to spend two hours ."	1
televised images of the gulf war are all the experience most of us have with war .	1
stephanie black is also intelligent in how she chooses to disclose the problems faced by the locals .	1
"the film's inherent belief in the subtle persistence of fate and the wonder it can bring to one's life makes "" next stop wonderland "" a quiet pleasure in a cinematic landscape littered with explosions , shallow characters and overdone special effects ."	1
what are she and michele going to do ?	1
"also very impressive is the film's score by james newton howard ( who also scored shyamalan's sixth sense and the similar film stir of echoes , as well as this year's dinosaur ) ."	1
"amid the chaos of this massacre , stands a shot that , at least for me , hangs in the air like the girl in the little red coat in schindler's list ."	1
"much of the book spares tinseltown from mockery , although he does riff on the racist comments made by marlon brando during a larry king interview , in a fine chapter called "" in search of the wily filipino . """	1
"there are no real conflicts , no major disappointments , no unresolved issues ."	1
"disney songs about war probably wouldn't go over too well ( "" heigh ho , heigh ho , it's off to war i go . . . "" ) , and the ones they do have aren't memorable ."	1
"satirical films usually fall into one of two categories : 1 ) long-term satire where everything , including the jokes , is somehow related on a large scale ( i . e ."	1
"he wrote the script , scored the music , edited and directed the film , as well as starred in the central role ."	1
"like the previous films of rigormortis that i have reviewed , it displays an off-kilter humor and intelligence ? it succeeds in making me laugh where countless studio films fail ."	1
"it is all understatement , restraint , melancholy ."	1
"the thing is , ordell is in this for no one more than himself , and as we learn from his previous actions , he's willing to kill anyone who stands in the way ."	1
"prinze jr . gives a performance to be desired here , and much of his dialogue sounds wooden coming out of his mouth ."	1
"instead , david mamet's script strikes that delicate balance between comedy and cynicism needed for satire ."	1
he is an adulterous liar and a cheat who in all likelihood committed the murder .	1
this does not prove that the phantom menace is poorly made for it is brilliantly made .	1
"ultimately , you get exactly out of `tarzan' what you expect . . ."	1
"such events coincide with the ufo incident witnessed by roy neary ( richard dreyfuss ) , power company worker from muncie , indiana , who later becomes obsessed with his experience ."	1
"it's all a big cartoon basically , but it's funny and i can respect that ."	1
will it bore some people to sleep ?	1
"elegantly directed by sam raimi ( yes , the same ) , "" a simple plan "" concerns itself with the discovery of a crashed plane and within a bag full of millions of dollars by an upright , moderately financially stable working man ( bill paxton ) , his dim-witted brother ( billy bob thornton ) , and his drinking buddy ( brent briscoe ) ."	1
"hrundi tries out his acting talents , but it seems that he just isn't cut out for the job ."	1
"if the film was not going to follow up on this side story , then it , perhaps , should have been taken out altogether ."	1
it's biggest flaw is actually its short running time .	1
"lean , mean , escapist thrillers are a tough product to come by ."	1
"he's not an actor with a great range , but in the right roles he has great depth ."	1
"some of the final scenes , that turn victorian scientist into an action superhero , are also rather unconvincing ."	1
where the sgt .	1
the only only reason his name was changed was because this was an unauthorized account of bram strocker's novel .	1
"she enrols herself among a few hopefuls , to represent the world when the transport is ready for operation ."	1
"now for the shocker ; "" mary "" is the grossest and most disgusting film i have ever viewed ( "" pink flamingos "" obviously notwithstanding ) ."	1
demme's matter-of-fact handling of this supernatural element is just one of _beloved_'s intriguing aspects .	1
"well , 1999 has two of them , the other being the instant classic about a very dysfunctional family , american beauty ."	1
"streets of fire isn't the greatest movie ever made , but it occupies a totally unique little niche , and enjoys the position it has ."	1
"from these past experiences in jail , carter realized that he must make his case heard for all of america ."	1
give credit to owen for keeping his cool in a part that begs for overacting .	1
"the film is some of the most fun 2 and a half hours that you'll blow in your life , which is something i wouldn't mind doing again ."	1
"finally , and specifically , there is an incredible shot at night in which the camera crosses the tracks in front of a fast oncoming train ."	1
"it should actually come to no surprise to anyone that the director of this movie comes from a music video background , with plenty , and i mean plenty , of camera tricks , cuts and edits , but for this kind of flick , it actually works ."	1
"when 17 year old beau hall ( jonathan tucker , "" the virgin suicides "" ) gets in a car accident after drinking with his 30 year old companion , club owner darby reese ( josh lucas , "" session 9 "" ) , his mom , margaret ( tilda swinton , "" the war zone "" ) pays reese a visit to convince him to leave her son alone ."	1
"at the end of the film , i was involved in the characters , and i was satisfied with the outcome ."	1
this is the type of film that should be made for families more often : entertaining for kids and entertaining for parents .	1
the audience finds it easy to sympathise with isaacman who somehow puts up with flynt's courtroom antics .	1
warning : spoiler follows in next paragraph .	1
"_the caveman's valentine_ is a fine and a courageous film , crazy enough to suggest that the delirious yammering of an idiot savant is the best and truest paladin of order in the chaos of eliot's rat's alley wasteland ."	1
"and dewey riley ( david arquette ) , still suffering from wounds inflicted during "" scream , "" has left his job as a police officer for a while ."	1
"unlike , say , brazil ? or the fisher king , both of which feature a character who dares to let himself dream in a repressive environment , fear and loathing in las vegas ? shows us someone who's given up on his dreams and resorts to the quick fix of drugs ."	1
the situation is just too cute to resist .	1
a fully loaded entertainment review - website coming in july !	1
there were real sparks in this scene between foster and lowe and it would behoove them to consider other vehicles in which this dynamism could be explored .	1
"once back in 1969 , powers meets a foxy cia operative named felicity shagwell ( heather graham ) , and learns of dr . evil's plans to destroy washington dc with a lazer on the moon ."	1
it even has an unexpected twist at the end that packs a punch like a blow to the solar plexus .	1
"but by the time he pieces this together , he is too late ; orlock has already embarked to hutter's hometown via boat ."	1
"it's not the typical romance , in which a guy finds a girl , they fall in love and all is well , this is more complicated and depressing ."	1
* don't say i didn't warn you about the party scene .	1
but it's also about what you feel when you look into the eyes of the characters in the film .	1
"it's not a pretty death , and it's leaving the likes of schwartznager , stallone , and van damme wearing cement galoshes at the bottom of a kung fu sea ."	1
"he uncontrollably cheats and lies , then is unable to realize why he can not hold onto a woman ."	1
van damme plays a french cop named alain moreau who is shaken when a policeman friend ( jean-hugues anglade ) finds a corpse that's alain's exact double .	1
"wong ) , mulan outmatches her fellow combatants in smarts , wit , and physical ability ."	1
it's ambitious to make it 54 years after the events it covers .	1
but sandler instead brings a mature goodness to the character .	1
they saw what civilization and culture and everyday life would be like under such conditions .	1
"this is the white middle class , i can't remember that i saw any blacks on the commuter train they use ."	1
the plot chronicles the life of scottish warlord and folk hero william wallace ( 1272 - 1305 ) .	1
the only support and hope is in god .	1
"as with their excellent dvds of the abyss , fight club , independence day , and the sound of music , fox shows that they have most certainly made the commitment to provide the things that dvd lovers want ."	1
"i actually got choked up , and more than once ."	1
"i have seen many movies based on books that just seem like selected scenes from the book visualized , eschewing anything remotely resembling a coherent story -- for example clear and present danger ."	1
he gives a fantastic and devastatingly deep performance here .	1
"i've been a russell crowe fan since "" romper stomper . """	1
it's not sensational .	1
"it's typical , for instance , that the fianc ? in this sort of plot be a colossal jerk , because it makes it easier to empathize with the unrequited lover ."	1
"in that same exact movie , though , is a performance by kimberly elise where she has to be the rock that holds the family together as her mother slowly goes insane , her brothers run off never to be seen again , and her mother's lover is scared off ."	1
huh ?	1
i thought not .	1
"hanako's ideas take hold , starting with a few of the women that work in the supermarket , being that they do not even shop there at all ."	1
it is not to be taken as a record of the holocaust .	1
the deep canvas computer generated effect adds an authentic feeling to the jungle which tarzan lives in .	1
they barely call off the bombing in time .	1
the cast of this film is absolutely remarkable .	1
"the big surprises come from catherine keener and cameron diaz , both playing against type ."	1
"but the perfect world of "" wiseguys "" gradually begins to fall apart - tommy's unpredictable outbursts of homicidal violence , jimmy's reluctance to share his part of the loot with partners and , finally , henry's own drug habit would lead to his downfall and make him question his loyalty to the friends ."	1
"i will admit that 'lake placid' isn't an oscar worthy film , but it does come off as an inventive movie that is original and funny ."	1
"there are some extremely scary scenes which are more darker than disney's other films ( although some consider the stampede sequence from the lion king and frollo observing esmeralda in the fires of hell in the hunchback of notre dame are just as scary ) , which is the main reason why this film is rated pg ."	1
"edward burns , looking a lot like armageddon's ben affleck , also delivers a top notch performance , moving away from his roles in films such as she's the one ( 1996 ) tom sizemore makes less of an impact , but is still watchable , and matt damon reinforcing his position as one of the finest young actors working today ."	1
the battles in the thin red line are astonishing and display a mastery of filmmaking .	1
"in blue bay lives sam lombardo ( matt dillon ) , a teacher who is accused of rape by two of his students , kelly van ryan ( denise richards ) , and suzie toller ( neve campbell ) ."	1
"it's been well over a decade since her last major performance in "" the color purple , "" but judging from these two films , i'll bet she's one of the best actresses working today . . . if"	1
"glenn close turns in an insubstantial ( in terms of her career ) but magnificent performance as the conniving camille and is also the source of a good portion of the many laughs that we enjoy in this movie , and she is perfectly cast as the prolific "" aunt alexandria "" character , endlessly obsessed with family dignity ."	1
"it's a definite case of male bonding for the five criminals , who later find out they were brought together by the unseen keyser soze , who sends a minion to them with an offer they can't refuse ."	1
"when a privileged young man named walter wade jr . ( christian bale ) accused of a brutal , racially-motivated murder is allowed to be released on bail , a disgusted shaft leaves the force and decides to take matters into his own hands as a p . i ."	1
"there's also a brilliant running joke in which shakespeare is in constant competition with christopher marlowe ( and the fact that marlowe is played by the openly-homosexual rupert everett is a joke in of itself ) , proposing a slightly twisted explanation to marlowe's mysterious death in a pub ."	1
these people are having the time of their lives .	1
rarely has a movie been such a labor of love .	1
"while we see several extremely taboo scenes of weirdo sex , we also have a skimpy little plot going on ( mostly towards the beginning ) , and maybe just a hair of characterization ."	1
"the movie is a visual banquet thanks to emmanuel lubezki's sexy cinematography ; notably , he captures a revisited fountain kiss between the two leads with a luscious , erotic charge that's steamier than the film's ( surprisingly muted ) love scenes ."	1
"the film does not glorify or justify -- it just shows us , with unflinching coldness , what henry was ."	1
"but due to it's pg rating , many parents may be put off by some of the dialogue which shouldn't appear in disney's version ."	1
"her situation is further complicated because she is involved in a loving , but incestuous relationship with her father ( tom mccamus ) ."	1
"unfortunately , the group has managed to land on the planet moments before an eclipse is about to occur , taking away their one protection from the monsters ."	1
"four claimants come forward against the africans : the state , which wants them tried for murder ; the queen of spain , who wants them handed over to her under the provision of an american/spanish treaty ; two american naval officers , who claim the right of high seas salvage ; and the two surviving spaniards from la amistad , who demand that their property be returned to them ."	1
"we see key moments in people's lives that they wouldn't dare show to the world , and it captures the farscial comedy of life so accurately and acutely that this style , as ironically-showmanship as it really is , works perfectly for the nature of the film ."	1
"although your friends and neighbors doesn't have the power of labute's earlier film it still manages to be somewhat entertaining and funny , while maintaining a melancholy philosophy on human relationships ."	1
"set to igor stravinsky's "" the firebird "" , an elk awakens a forest sprite that proceeds to change the wintery landscape into a beautiful springtime landscape ."	1
"meanwhile , this is carol's ticket to a better life ."	1
"there is no time to take a breather between scenes because , again unlike most summer movies ( godzilla anybody ?"	1
"the director hints for possible solutions , using a multi-line plot , so popular with critics in mystery train , and used to good advantage by quentin tarantino in pulp fiction ."	1
they are better seen than described and are reason enough to see the film : one jaw-dropping scene has van damme taking on a man who uses a switchblade with his * feet * .	1
what makes this film different is its characters .	1
"there are only so many times you can hear , "" hey , what's going on ? """	1
"howard is chad's boss , but he is weaker of will , the clumsy practitioner of office politics who has achieved his position through dogged persistence rather than raw talent ."	1
"within a day or so , margaret's life becomes even more complicated when a suave man named alec goran visnjic ) turns up with an explicit videotape documenting the sex life of beau and darby ."	1
and lean's film is an interesting study of characters with clashing interests .	1
the predictable ending that shattered our hopes ( even though we saw it coming ) only added to the disappointment .	1
#NAME?	1
what follows is manipulation and revenge on the part of the co . he convinces carly to commit hank to a hospital for observation .	1
"the songs , as i said before , are decent , mostly sung by collins ."	1
"drew also has the famous "" dueling banjos "" competition with a local who is , let us say , genetically challenged ."	1
it's not even part of the movie's real agenda .	1
"vincent , obviously , is rather nervous about this , especially after hearing the tale about a man who was thrown out of a window for supposedly giving mia a foot massage ."	1
"and the film doesn't consistently question the military spirit as kubrick does in "" paths of glory "" ."	1
craig finds a job as a file at the 7 ? floor of a business building . . . you	1
"the german director of such classics as "" sunrise "" and "" the last laugh "" died in a car accident shortly after signing a deal to make american pictures at paramount ."	1
"he's just as intelligent , but still very rough along the edges , but he's wisened up ."	1
tom hanks stands out for the level of enthusiasm he puts into his work .	1
"some amazing animation is present here , and well worth the ten dollars a ticket alone ( although brush strokes are evident in one scene due to the enlargement of the film ) ."	1
""" magic town "" is a delightfully entertaining motion picture ."	1
law's vassili is the russian's top pawn to victory .	1
"for example , there are a couple of instances in this film where large amounts of time pass ."	1
"of course , "" nosferatu : a symphony of horror "" is the main attraction , and while my latest viewing raised questions ( why is the woman called emily in the title cards but "" mina "" --as bram stoker called her--in hutter's letters ? , for instance ) , it made me realize how much this movie has inspired and been stolen from ."	1
henderson begins a series profiling an orphanage located on the front lines .	1
"but in the hands of park and his team , the stories felt fresh and inspired , and not the least bit contrived ."	1
"luckily , i doubt i would be able to find ten things i hate about "" 10 things i hate about you , "" but the positive aspects of the film far out-number ten ."	1
"when she is inquired about this moment by paul d in a moment halfway through the film , she says she doesn't regret it ."	1
"scorsese frames his movie in a = harsh tone , leaving the impression that jesus truly is a man who is = having human frailties ."	1
"nearly the same can be said for two other characters , zack ( mohr ) and adam ( wolf ) , who we don't think much of when they first appear as supporting characters , but later will become major players to the film's makeup - another process used by the filmmakers to elaborate on the theory of how significant insignificant interaction might be ."	1
"but even trash tv topicality can't drag "" wild things "" down -- this crazy campfest plays like something you'd find late-night on the usa network , only infinitely more palatable and with a solid ensemble cast ."	1
"but in 1972 , deliverance was no laughing matter ."	1
"intrigued by her melancholy demeanor ( and slightly infatuated with her ) , sugiyama signs up for weekly classes at the school -- and , much to his amazement , ends up as attracted to dancing itself as to his young sensei ."	1
"ben willis ( muse watson ) is back , and he isn't letting anyone survive this time ."	1
"because of this face-hugger which has been hatched aboard the vessel from aliens , the hypersleep containers are sent into an escape pod , and sent down to the nearest planet : fiorina fury-161 , an ore refinery which has been turned into a maximum security prison ."	1
"as in the first picture , there's a slick , self-mocking prologue ."	1
"in the truman show , weir essentially breathes life into the now-tired concept of media-manipulation by tackling the material from the inside-out ."	1
"it , too , is an epic . . . and one worth seeing ."	1
"to some it is just a journey to their personal paradise , to some a personal playground -- a life without any consequences ."	1
"pfeiffer's performance is one that if not recognized by the academy next spring , will be in the heart's of any viewer that has watched this moving film ."	1
"to paraphrase a song title from an earlier disney movie , mulan is a whole new world ."	1
unzipped also gives a glimpse into the creative process by which mizrahi turns an idea into a dress .	1
only occasionally .	1
"owen wilson , last seen in the embarrassing remake of "" the haunting "" , gives a good natured performance as roy o'bannon ."	1
( geri himself makes an appearance as a toy repairman who fixes woody's broken arm . )	1
"this film starts off in the tradiational noir style , introducing us to the underworld of modern gambling where the stakes are high and so is the price for losing ."	1
"the final participation segment uses a technology very much like the technology used on the matrix dvd , where a pair of lips will appear on-screen during certain scenes of the film ( mostly during the musical numbers ) that can be selected by pressing enter on your remote ."	1
"he then has dinner with his brother jeff ( rob morrow ) , a successful sports agent who seems to live the ideal life ."	1
"it adds tension to the suspense scenes , but never seems to have much of a melody ."	1
the film chronicles the warm friendship that slowly but surely blossoms between the chauffeur and his reluctant passenger .	1
"there'd be a phony , "" let's go get that boy , gosh darn it ! """	1
occasional breaks from this island earth also help the film tremendously .	1
"but who cares , the movie has a sort of swashbuckling quality to it you can't get from , oh , say , godzilla or armageddon ."	1
his constant half-truth-telling and spin-doctoring to cover bulworth's stampede is equaled in its perversion only by a self-righteous reporter ( nora dunn ) who acts like murphy's refusal to explain bulworth's actions ( something he really cannot do ) is somehow an act of treason .	1
"detective monahan ( hunter ) and getz ( mulroney ) , baffled by the unorthodox methods of killing used by the killer , seeks the professional help of helen , who , as expected was reluctant at first ."	1
"other than carlyle , who acted as the psychotic begbie in trainspotting , the rest of the actors were definitely very new to me on-screen ."	1
"in fact , that's one of the greater things about this movie : it feels real because it looks like it's actually taped on video with very credible actors in very credible circumstances ( i did some research and it was , in fact , shot on digital video . . . ah-ha ! ) ."	1
"devito made black humor a key element in throw momma from the train and the war of the roses , and he contributes some memorable images ."	1
"but then one night , cole shows up . . ."	1
"it's derivitive of costner's own "" waterworld "" and clint eastwood westerns ."	1
"when i first heard of contact , the hype was building it up as a sci-fi blockbuster ."	1
"the supports are also in fine form , lending credibility to the main roles and advancing the plot in key areas ."	1
it is too bad that this is jay and silent bob's swan song .	1
was he killed by accident ?	1
"by underplaying truman , he allows the subtle manipulations of the film to take over ."	1
"she calls him on an irregular basis , begging him for money , but refusing to tell him what she needs it for ."	1
but the right stuff film isn't even fiction .	1
thank god for desperado .	1
"not only does it have a sense of history , but burton's skillful use of setting and mood make this an entertaining exercise in horror ."	1
why is he stalking her ?	1
"coming into play is another 70's veteran , robert forster as jackie's bail bondsmen max cherry ."	1
"it's gonna stink ! ) , or the director ( who ?"	1
"most memorable of them all is patrick mcgoohan , whose cold , calculated and evil medieval monarch is one of the most effective villains seen in contemporary cinema ."	1
"and , despite the difficulty of their task , they have succeeded ."	1
"like his earlier films , egoyan weaves together multiple storylines that form a blanketing whole ."	1
"directed deftly by first time jamaican filmmaker chris browne ( assistant director for such american films as how stella got her groove back and instinct ) , one hardly notices the film was shot on video after a while ."	1
"however , the endless stream of "" the little mermaid "" wanna-be's is getting to me ."	1
"with the level of acting , however , this can be forgiven ."	1
"corey yuen's latest film , "" hero "" is notable on two fronts ."	1
"she does , though , add a couple new things : she makes the california twin a little more appealing and the london twin a bit more frank and snobbish than the snotty and proper original , respectively ."	1
there is nothing we can hold onto in her performance to make us believe the trade predicament is anything of importance .	1
"after the completion of one particular halloween season , jack walks with a heavy heart and ends up discovering in the woods outside halloweentown a grove of trees with doors to all of the other holidays in the world ."	1
director paul anderson ( who did mortal kombat ) and his team of `atmosphere' creators have done well in keeping event horizon within the bounds of the term `horror' .	1
just leaves a couple of questions ; was it worth all those oscars ?	1
"when he does discover whale's sexual orientation from his dedicated and protective maid ( lynn redgrave ) , he is frightened , refusing to sit for the guy ."	1
star wars is an amazing epic .	1
"look , this stuff is purely subjective ."	1
"to celebrate its 20th anniversary , this quintessential movie musical is getting the royal treatment reserved for classics like "" star wars "" -- a well-deserved , red-carpet rerelease ."	1
"in dark city , when the last dying , defeated alien asks john murdoch why the aliens' scientific experiments on the human beings' brains failed , murdoch replies , pointing to his head , "" because the human condition isn't located in here . """	1
she was the only one who could keep juliet out of her fantasy world .	1
perhaps raging bull is indeed the best film of the '80s .	1
is the format effective for the film ?	1
how wrong they were .	1
"roman general maximus ( russell crowe ) has conquered yet another group of barbarians for his emperor marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) , and he is eager to retire to his plantation in spain where his wife and son are waiting ."	1
"based on a popular ( and controversial ) cable tv show , south park : bigger longer and uncut can finally break loose of the shackles placed on the show by television restrictions and take bad taste to brand new heights ."	1
"the way he slides down tree limbs and trunks is very reminiscent of skateboarding and rollerblading maneuvers , and had me thinking this isn't just tarzan , it's "" extreme tarzan . """	1
"michael keaton makes his presence felt , albeit in small but dignified moments , and de niro is ideal in playing the lug-head who goes over the edge ."	1
"based on the novel by john le carr ? , who also co-wrote the screenplay , the film offers viewers something rarely seen in theaters this time of year : a solid , well-told story ."	1
roger murtaugh ( danny glover ) ?	1
"robert de niro is actually a little annoying at times , but overall he does a good job as one of ordell's perspective clients and friends ."	1
their sex life is also fraught with problems and for some reason they continue to do it throughout their infidelitous relationship .	1
the encounter between the two families allows the audience to compare the eastern and western cultures as well as the ambitions of individual characters .	1
"walsh's clan , on the other hand , is prim , proper and ostentatious ."	1
* note : see the uncut print from japanese laserdisc if you can .	1
"billed as a "" feminist sex fantasy "" , this spirited , imaginative and thoroughly engaging film by the award-winning canadian director cynthia roberts , is destined for extreme reactions ."	1
"okay , i guess that's enough ."	1
"herskovitz is also aided by a strong supporting crew , including the luscious photography by bojan bazelli , whose previous efforts include the highly-stylized thriller "" kalifornia "" ( 1993 ) and abel ferrara's dark sci-fi film "" body snatchers "" ( 1994 ) ."	1
"what is important is that i acknowledge the quality of this picture , the sheer skill with which it has been written , acted , and produced ."	1
grady is caught up in the curse of people who accomplish great things early in their career .	1
"their sparring is imaginatively realized ( i don't think i'll ever forget the sight of that tiny little mouse making his getaway on a rolling wheel of gouda ) , and although you really never fully root for either side , that's okay -- a warm-and-fuzzy union between the two parties is practically promised from the first frame they share ."	1
"the film is punishing to watch , yes ."	1
the story's weakness shines through in the climax and conclusion of the fifth element .	1
"today's films are either blockbusters that entertain us with tiresome formulas , or those that have similar themes ."	1
his humor is that of a sophisticated juvenile's .	1
"shouts the big lebowski at one point ) , the porn industry , the overbearing malibu policeman who berates the dude for disturbing their "" peaceful beach community , "" and so on ."	1
"it may be the use of color or the placement of characters in the frame , but everything about this film looks intentional and perfect ."	1
it is a masterpiece -- one of the better films of recent years .	1
"after turning them down , jan changes his mind ( a muddled scene - he stops his car on a bridge , looks out . . . is he feeling a sense of overachievement ? ) , and he and his team of lawyers ( tony shalhoub , zeljko ivanek , and accountant william h . macy ) head out to the town to do battle with the town's company ."	1
"the third act concentrates more on walken's character , who eventually stumbles upon a small gambling operation where the game is , again , russian roulette ."	1
"there he met althea leasure ( courtney love ) , a bisexual stripper who became his fourth wife and the love of his life ."	1
"and for a bit of comedy , we get a cameo from vincent shiavelli as a german or austrian assassin who is ordered to do in bond at one point ."	1
"either way , it is one enjoyable sit , with a fairytale ending ."	1
"john doe felt he was doing society a favor by ridding it of "" scum . """	1
"for many critics , scholars and , most importantly , film producers , it was a thing of the past - something that could have attracted crowds only in the era of black-and-white television and non-cgi special effects ."	1
"from an evil prison guard to an evil prisoner , "" the green mile "" is successful in creating sympathy for kind-hearted hard working guards and hard thinking prisoners ."	1
this is a film on which i expect to be in a minority .	1
don't worry .	1
"some minor flaws , hairline cracks in fine porcelain , appear in places ."	1
"she conveys intelligence , determination , warmth , and , in a gutsy move , always on edge ."	1
scream 2's story is very similar to it's predecessor's .	1
isn't necessarily a bad thing .	1
"all in all , a good , non-offensive date movie ."	1
the effect of this is to focus all of your attention on the actors .	1
"they even have their own , very strict and detailed laws , upheld more strictly than some governments do with their own ."	1
"throughout the movie , maglietta has an easygoing , confident demeanor , which makes it very easy to root for her and her growing attraction for ganz's character ."	1
"the script , by co-stars matt damon and ben affleck , is not a groundbreaking piece of literature , and occasionally resorts to shameless manipulation ."	1
"he isn't the obvious best of actors , but dillon does give a convincing performance ."	1
"not that they are the only good stars , however ."	1
"and don't leave when the closing credits hit the screen , or you'll miss the film's best part -- four bonus flashbacks that smooth over plot holes while offering a few more tiny turns , plus a final scene that caps everything off with a great stunner of a bombshell ."	1
"they talk like normal people , except for when doing business , and they are rude to their girlfriends ."	1
"amazing grace and chuck is being advertised as a modern fairy tale , of a boy in montana who quits his little league team for a very unusual reason ."	1
"further , for the purposes of this film at least , drunken boxers fight better when they actually _are_ intoxicated . . . but"	1
"well , gabe kaplan isn't in the movie rounders , nor is the film about the actor come gambler's life ."	1
"anna and the king transcends being a predictable , traditional love story by avoiding mawkishness ."	1
"in directing his latest action-comedy , director brett ratner ( money talks ) takes a relatively mediocre piece of standup comedy and turns it into a funny as all get-out buddy cop movie ."	1
"this is her breakout box-office performance , and she is terrific ."	1
"unlike chewbacca and c-3po , who got their humanity ( if you'll pardon the expression ) from their interactions with the human characters , jar jar is often left to interact mostly with others of his kind , at times making the movie seem like nothing more than a very expensive "" teenage mutant ninja turtles . """	1
"this movie is not about judging stephane's actions as being right or wrong , but about viewing their growth and accepting the characters as who they are ."	1
"instead , he crawls into the dark premise as completely as craig crawls into malkovich , rummaging around and toying with the various philosophical implications of compromising another person's identity ."	1
"for those who are so inclined , its central theme offers an opportunity to ponder some of the more philosophical questions about the workings of the universe -- all while having a good time ."	1
"it's a small scene , but it clearly demonstrates the movie's thorough love of the booker character for his romantic roughness ."	1
"i will not go into detail , but you can guess what happens here ."	1
""" existenz "" has a completely different atmosphere , resembling "" dark city "" , which is darker , more serious and less entertaining ."	1
"it is not an easy situation , but a perfectly plausible one , the panorama in which breakdown musters it's throbbing suspense and skillfully executed tautness ."	1
they walk in unison and they only look forward .	1
"ending evil dead ii with an opening for the third film in the series , raimi obviously had a lot of fun making this movie and couldn't wait to make it's sequel ."	1
the good side : some neat scenes of vampires and violence .	1
"even so , this carry on was sid james and kenneth williams' favourite ."	1
.	1
"he plays truman burbank , the unsuspecting star of the most popular television show in the world ."	1
"released as a pick-up through troma studios , the film is available on videocassette and dvd ."	1
"barrymore seems perfect along side him , and although the two more likely represent gen-x moronism and party-girl ditzism ( respectively ) , the two go together like bread and butter as a mid-eighties couple ."	1
"that's right : willis , for the first time in years , gives up the spotlight to his costar ."	1
synopsis : private detective tom welles is hired by a wealthy widow to uncover the origins of a snuff film owned by her late husband .	1
"phoenix has definitely matured as an actor since to die for , and gladiator shows he's more than just river's little brother ."	1
"although it takes a second to get back into the right mode after this premise has been left for a moment , it's better than overkilling the whole concept post haste ."	1
"the film is unobtrusive , simple , direct , plain , and sincere ."	1
"although wild things was displayed by the press as being an erotic thriller , the eroticism , which is portrayed with good taste , is kept to a minimum and focuses more on the plot and the relationships between the characters ."	1
no more ; no less .	1
"the plot is compelling , and the story creates urgency and dread by painting the grimmest of worst case scenarios ."	1
"in a recent article in "" newsweek , "" he wrote : "" filmmakers hardly ever depict spirituality with such a strong emphasis on the holy spirit , and when they do , it tends to be patronizing - full of charlatans and snake handlers . . ."	1
and so it is .	1
"in 1977 , something never though possible happened ."	1
"he isn't so arrogant and demanding as scarlett , in fact , he's engaged to a woman with a personality much more like his ."	1
"satire is required ( or ought to be , anyway ) to take itself seriously , or act so , while the audience does not ."	1
"this is an extremely well-written film , with some of the most developed characters that i've seen on the screen all year , with superb acting performances to match ."	1
"that is until his school teacher finds him reading a book and demands that the young boy proclaim his name , that of a catholic saint ."	1
"this is an important film , telling an important story ."	1
"from there , director steven spielberg wastes no time , taking us into the water on a midnight swim with a beautiful girl that turns deadly ."	1
"when mikey delivers these words to a bored science class , it is unlikely that anyone realizes how much they parallel mikey's life and the lives that surround him ."	1
"so here i am again , reviewing yet another woody allen movie and hoping that it brings back the woody from the days of old ."	1
"overall , it's a thrilling , entertaining film which doesn't really amaze like the first two , but is much more amazing than the third installment ."	1
"again , there are faults , but , hey , everyone needs to get emotional sometimes ."	1
in dark city john murdoch ( rufus sewell ) has this problem .	1
"this is called conciseness transfer , and this is part of the tragedy in the film : people "" wake up "" in unknown places and strange things start happen ."	1
"once she does get in the car , daisy is the ultimate back-seat driver ."	1
the film does contain a few missteps : a subplot involving hugo's theft of the school mascot is left hanging .	1
"but those who appreciate good social commentary with their films , no matter how slow or downright depressing they are ( this one is both ) will appreciate "" jude , "" though i doubt anyone truly enjoys it ."	1
"the assortment of high-profile supporting actors , ranging from woody harrelson as a yankee reporter "" into "" liquor and cigarrettes to marisa tomei as a huggable children's aid or somesuch are incapable of rising above the sketchiness of their characters , albeit they strive ."	1
it is accompanied with the use of holst and debussy .	1
"that concept , although many purists doubt its scientific credentials , spawned many interesting novels , comic books and films in the last century ."	1
"as donnie , keanu reeves ( 2000's "" the watcher "" ) makes an utterly convincing backwoods meanie , so much so that it is difficult to believe he is an actor at all ."	1
"colleague norm schrager nailed session 9 , brad anderson's throwback to spooky horror films from the 70's ."	1
"in parts , this is a very silly movie , with gratuitous lines and scenes thrown in for effect which are so blatantly obvious or contrived that it's hard not to cringe ."	1
"when gates and company arrive at the bunker with a stolen truck , ready to loot , the unarmed rebels want help ."	1
"now even though through the course of the film , some much more depressing things happen , this is when i felt the most for ben ."	1
"confession time : i have never , ever seen gone with the wind ."	1
"when people are talking about good old times , they actually want to make some bad times look better ."	1
the flying inkpot rating system : * wait for the tv2 broadcast .	1
"when the criminal is eventually caught , the two men discover stewart's secret , and decide they want a piece of the action too ."	1
"we're also asked to believe that a few simple close-ups of kit ramsey would redeem "" chubby rain , "" z-grade entertainment that would make ed wood blush ."	1
this was a surprise hit as was american beauty .	1
"the storyline in "" sweet sweetback "" is deceptively simple ."	1
"the costumes , as well as the actors who wear them , add to the roles ."	1
"it is a worthy sequel - er , prequel - to the original star wars films ."	1
"tonight , he is expected to lecture on his newfound tribe ."	1
"what do you get when you slap together a movie based on a story by the legendary george lucas , directed by virtuoso director steven spielberg , and starring one of the biggest box-office stars in the world , harrison ford ?"	1
"when a character is letting go with an automatic weapon , much is made of the empty cartridges falling to the floor in slow motion ."	1
now if we only can get ford to run for president .	1
"for instance , dave ( mark addy ) is worried about his weight , horse ( paul barber ) thinks he may be inadequate , and gerald ( tom wilkinson ) is worried about his reputation and timing ."	1
"for annie , she does not give the readings merely for money , but uses it as a way of seeking solace in finding the good in everyone's future ."	1
sadness .	1
but there are other qualities that make me like this movie well enough to recommend it .	1
"cruise and kidman are rarely together for longer than 5 minutes after the opening scene , and the secrecy that shrouded the film should hopefully be apparent as to why it was kept once you see it for yourself ."	1
welles is searching for answers .	1
who would have known kevin had such a soft side on him that could make us know that he is a faithful person himself .	1
by using semi-darkness and letting the colors of deep blue and black dominate every scene he makes the film visually as ominous as anything in this nether world .	1
"also , quite a few snappy comebacks referring to american pop culture ( seinfeld , woody allen , etc . ) are spoken by the british characters ."	1
less successful was last year's adaptation of hamlet with ethan hawke as the heir apparent of the denmark corp . here the setting was the corporate world of new york .	1
wag the dog reminds us of what can happen if we don't .	1
"when the spaceship passes a meteor , it's quite an awesome spectacle , visually crisp and captivating ."	1
"like 3 men and a baby , cousins is an americanized version of a french film : 1975's cousin , cousine ."	1
the diverse cast includes everyone from betty buckley ( ! ) to mackenzie astin ( ! ! ) .	1
"on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , "" hearts in atlantis "" is a wistful , enigmatic 8 , evolving with subtle power to an emotionally effective catharsis ."	1
we're not sure who's blood or by who's hand though .	1
""" you feel that there's a and looking directly into errol morris's camera ."	1
the wedding singer works .	1
"i laughed at dick ( todd louiso ) , the shy , timorous , steve buscemi character of lebowski , who seems to know what he is talking about but either can't put it into words or is harshly rejected by his friends ."	1
"otherwise , to ensure universal safety , earth will be destroyed , along with the 'key' ."	1
"when camembert realises that the fingernail is nearby , he searches the inn at calais and captures jacqueline , thinking that she is wearing a diguise and is really the fingernail !"	1
the trucker is still on their tail and is now harassing all three of the young whippersnappers . . . ?	1
"his british superiors ship him off to panama , making sure he understands that he had better not screw up the placement ."	1
"the weird twitches and bizarre modes of speech , the dapper clothes and cool spectacles , the unexpected pathos which he invests in his character ."	1
time bandits is a fantastically made film that caters to the imagination of anyone .	1
""" babe : pig in the city "" picks up precisely where "" babe "" left off ."	1
"well , in any event , that is the situation hank ( paxton ) finds himself in ."	1
"older folks might show up when they hear that the movie is actually a satire about the pioneer spirit , but they'll be disappointed once all the raw meat starts getting waved in their faces ."	1
"as the revenge-driven royal heir , branagh provides a riveting performance of emotional highs and lows ."	1
"as with a stage play , what this film centers on the dialog , and that is intriguing ."	1
"much like the american collective memory of jfk's camelot , the image is wondrous if you don't look too deep ."	1
"flash forward to a trailer park in junction city , kansas , and luther is leaving hedwig for another boy ."	1
"it would have been nice to get more in depth with yoda and obi-wan , for example , but given the fact that there were several new characters to cover , it is understandable that some of the development has been left for the next two films ."	1
"finally , a film that does this for me ."	1
"for everyone who thought titanic's story was too simple and cliche , here is proof that if james cameron had written a more complex screenplay , it may not have done nearly as well ."	1
"but in the powerful love they have for each other , each standing by the other in turn , the two leads highlight the question how much is the nihilist still a moralist and ( in the american context ) a christian , if they can love and care , and feel just like anyone else on a personal level ."	1
"it is the latter quality , however , that becomes a hindrance , for this '60s nostalgia trifle is so nice and sweet that it teeters on becoming bland milquetoast ."	1
"detective bud white ( russell crowe ) has only a narrow-minded view of the law , and he uses excessive force to exact his unique kind of interrogation and brutal justice ."	1
"there's a delightful little scene where banderas and jones have a sword fight , and every swipe an item of clothing gets slashed , until jones clothes fall off all together ."	1
"even the brief music videos , spoofs of bowie's , have a rare visual flair that's pure camp , and which would cause ken russell to drool ."	1
"i don't know if the shot is faked in any way , but it looks dangerous , and it looks great ."	1
"i loved how each of the different parts of the plot mattered , and sometimes spilled over into the next ."	1
""" you're the first guy who hasn't told me i look like veronicca lake in under a minute , "" she says ."	1
"one day , a new animal shows up : humans ."	1
the savagery conjures up images from the late director's a clockwork orange .	1
this is a long welcome reunion .	1
i thought the kids reaction were highly realistic .	1
"we know obi-wan `ben' kenobi was the trainer of anakin in the ways of `the force' in attempts to become a jedi knight , but would fail and thus anakin would fall to the `dark side . '"	1
"for many people , casablanca is probably the best romantic film ever made ."	1
"unfortunately it kept creeping back in , particularly with the fear , and the chaos of the time ."	1
"i think most viewers may miss the comparison , but it is a very intriguing ingredient in the film ."	1
"thornton is absolutely brilliant in this performance , by far the best performance he's ever given and further proof that he's the best character actor in contemporary cinema ( if you don't believe me , go back and watch his wonderful performance in "" primary colors , "" a performance that would have been nominated for an oscar if this hadn't been in the same year ) because he's easily able to slip into a character , and make him completely and utterly believable ."	1
"and so , buzz , rex ( voice of wallace shawn ) , hamm ( voice of john ratzenberger ) , mr . potatohead ( voice of don rickles ) , and slinky ( voice of jim varney ) , go out on a dangerous journey to rescue their friend , they find themselves confronting things like busy streets and other buzz lightyear toys ."	1
"and they are both concerned with the power of greed , yet the men in boiler room are akin to poseurs presuming to be big shots rather than the slippery-smooth , heartless gordon gecko figures of wall street ."	1
"a bit slow at times and more than a little rough around the edges as it builds to its climactic explosion of violent action , this spirited but formulaic yarn that initially brought ernest tidyman's "" black private dick that's a sex machine to all the chicks "" to the big screen hardly qualifies as groundbreaking filmmaking ."	1
"there are also three music videos , and six theatrical trailers ( called thecatrical trailers . . ."	1
"john gay's script uses most of the original screenplay by sally benson , alma reville , and thornton wilder ."	1
"at some point , rock drops naked out of the sky as rufus , the undocumented ( and very black ) "" thirteenth apostle "" , and offers his assistance , as does divine stripper serendipity ( salma hayek ) ."	1
"most of all , the negotiator must be able to enter a situation with as little intelligence about the scenario as possible , and quickly gain control of the situation , dominate the conversation , and influence the perpetrator into thinking that the end of the conflict is what he really wants ."	1
"in a poignant scene , giosue ? comes out of hiding just as an american tank rolls into the compound ."	1
"some flap has already been made about the language used in the film , but it's really not much worse than many of the other movies out there today ."	1
"the following year , 1997 , saw the first sleeper entry into the genre from a studio other than the magic kingdom : twentieth century fox gave baronial russia to the masses in the form of anastasia ."	1
"he wants to fight in the civil war , but his dad ( hackman ) has different ideas and wants his son to study law ."	1
"on one occasion , he has a marvelous monologue bemoaning how advances in the telecommunications industry have trapped men into a life of monogamy ."	1
"hope survives "" is not as cornball as that of the utterly ridiculous collapsing tunnel thriller daylight ( "" they came in alone . . . the only way out . . ."	1
"and , as giles discovers during the course of this amusing , warm-hearted motion picture , it's possible to find the object of one's affection in the most unusual places ."	1
""" gattaca "" is a film which presents a future where society has answered "" yes "" to this question , but then ponders if this was actually the right decision ."	1
the supporting cast is one with little hollywood experience .	1
i just hope someday 'halloween' will be released in a new dolby soundtrack with the 4 extra scenes on the dvd edition .	1
"its views of science and religion will no doubt aggrivate some , but will stimulate more ."	1
"designing a skyline that includes the statue of liberty , the sydney opera house , the brooklyn bridge , the hollywood sign and the eiffel tower , ford has created a singular city that encompasses all of our cities ( as seen in the film photo and pre-production drawing to your right ) ."	1
it starts off as the weekend of their dreams .	1
"with the help of the wise yolande d'aragon ( faye dunaway ) and charles vii ( john malcovich ) , whose grand royal ambitions and life are at stake , jeanne raises an army and marches towards the english walls ."	1
the other problem is that this movie is shaping up to be really dated .	1
"and even if it isn't perfect , at least when avery brooks turns to norton after he has been beaten and raped in prison , and asks him if anything he's done has made his life any better , it realy hits a nerve , not only in derek , but also in the audience ."	1
"eventually , erin responds to the tidal wave of responses , which makes for some of the most humorous , telling moments of the movie as she meets prospective suitors and "" poseurs "" ."	1
"and what a filthy , cold place it is ."	1
this is an interesting film .	1
"films like earthquake , the towering inferno , and the poseidon adventure were big hits ."	1
"the second time , not really thinking about how i've waited for what seems like forever to see it and how i'm seeing it on a tv set on a premium cable channel and not a giant movie theatre , it really affected me emotionally ."	1
"in fact , i'd go so far as to say that "" fallen angels "" is more challenging visually than any mainstream hollywood film i've ever seen ."	1
"the film takes place during a few weeks of august at the normandy coast , and centers on six different characters , primarily pauline ( amanda langlet ) , a wise beyond her years 15-year-old who has come to stay for the summer with her older cousin , marion ( arielle dombasle ) ."	1
"in an attempt to turn on a woman , he shows the front of the shirt , which says : "" you are the most beautiful woman in the world . """	1
"using stunning cinematography , costuming , and direction , shot in the most uninhabitable location on the face of the earth , i can only imagine what it must have been like to sit in a theater in 1962 and watch this story unfold before my eyes ."	1
"the people at lucas's industrial light and magic , the world's premiere effects house , outdid themselves in providing seamless integration of computer-generated images and real-life footage ."	1
"pixar's rendition of the family dog is also nicely done , with fur so realistic you almost feel you could reach out and touch it ."	1
"i won't reveal the rest of the story , but i'll definitely say that it turns out to be a real bummer of a night , despite the cool trophy they win ."	1
"while making a phone call to her best friend who adopted her son for her and she hears him say hi to his dad , which makes libby's heart stop right there ."	1
"but the bowling photography and a series of viking/bowling fantasy dream sequences are lovingly photographed , as though the dude himself were in charge of immortalizing them on film ."	1
"the casting for this movie seems influenced by divine inspiration - humphrey bogart , most legendary actor in the history of cinema , is one of the rare character actors who elevated his persona to the star status ."	1
consider it a view to a kill made abstract .	1
"her work is of award-calibre , and in this age in which a preponderence of superb child performers have emerged ( kirsten dunst , tina majorino , anna paquin , natalie portman , christina ricci , elijah wood ) , malone's performance stands up well ."	1
""" the big kahuna "" revels in salesmen-talk among the three white christian males , two of them , larry ( spacey ) and phil ( devito ) , who are veteran salesmen , having teamed together for the last twelve years , while bob ( facinelli ) is a young man who has just recently been hired by the firm and works in the research department ."	1
we'll do just about anything to put off a task .	1
"notting hill's trailer is awful : a laughless , schmaltzy montage ."	1
not since disney's beauty & the beast has there been such a compelling animated film with interesting characters and drama that works .	1
but what it lacks in substance it makes up for in feeling .	1
"in "" meet joe black "" , brad pitt plays death ."	1
"it's no goodfellas , and it probably won't be remembered as much as groundhog day , but analyze this is a well done comedy that won't leave you feel cheated ."	1
"the princess is captured by vader , but r2-d2 and c-3p0 get away on an escape pod that eventually lands them on the remote planet of tatooine ."	1
"intrigued by this statement , i looked up information on the film and found that , sure enough , life is beautiful is in fact a comedy about the greatest atrocity of the last thousand years ."	1
"in fact , most of this film's structure is very creative , the actors , all solid , the atmosphere and "" feel "" of the picture , remarkably real ( gotta love those "" unfortunates "" ) , and the descent into darkness , well honed by the filmmakers ."	1
now comes the highly awaited remake of house on haunted hill .	1
"unfortunately for the rest of the cast , his popularity was not terribly contagious , despite their effective showings in this classic movie ."	1
"broadly , the trio are in danger due to hugo's underworld connections , as two goons search for the money and kill several people in the process ."	1
"take , for instance , the entire man-hunting bear plot ."	1
if only he would dither a little less .	1
"on the whole , how to make an american quilt is a nicely-understated drama that has a lot to say about love , passion , and monogamy in relationships ."	1
"this brings us to hong kong director kirk wong's first american feature , the big hit ."	1
but it's different than any other invasion film .	1
"we also meet fugly floom , an old soft-spoken clown who owns many of the animals in the flealands hotel , utilizing them as a part of the act that he performs at different parties and functions ."	1
""" the fighting sullivans "" revolves around a family that consists of a mother , father , sister , and five brothers ."	1
"because of his drastically improved status , vincent is quickly propelled to a high position in gattaca , and catches the eye of comely co-worker irene ( uma thurman ) on the way -- obsessed with her own minor heart defect , she's enamored by his flawless persona she doesn't know is a lie ."	1
"like "" jackie brown , "" ( an elmore leonard adaption ) , the story is about a circle of 10 characters all after the lottery money that has been won illegally ."	1
"for here we have another lost boy trying to find his way home , an outcast seeking family , themes very familiar from most of spielberg's body of work from sugarland express to close encounters of the third kind to e . t ."	1
the movie is entertaning mainly because of clubber lang's over the top performance .	1
"and it turns out to be , of course , the one you didn't suspect ."	1
and that's exactly the kind of thing that makes the flaws so frustrating .	1
"gridlock'd's most cruelly comic scene finds stretch "" helping "" spoon get into an emergency room by repeatedly stabbing him with a tiny pocket knife , and it becomes an appropriate symbol for how the company he keeps has slowly drained the life out of him ."	1
the songs that are included in the movie ( the title song and annie's song ) are very impressive .	1
"h . r . giger's design for the main form of the alien creature is actually a bit boring when we finally get to see it , although previous digital effects were done quite smoothly ."	1
"well , an unemployed comedian , one of hollywood's little fish , and it has gotten so bad he's asked for an application at starbuck's ."	1
another gem of the film is nathan lane as snowball .	1
"tragedy strikes as flynt is shot by a would-be assassin , leaving him paralyzed from the waist down ."	1
"secondly , the characters are forced into a half-hearted climax that seems more artificial than amusing ."	1
"but its more than redeemed by the acting , with dicaprio and winslet on fine form , ably supported by a strong cast ."	1
the film turns our very perception of life on its side .	1
"in a stunning spectacle , the firebird rears back and unleashes and fire storm that destroys everything in its path , including everything that the sprite has worked to create ."	1
yes .	1
"and there are even moments in the film which are so honest in their portrayal , that i felt rightfully uncomfortable ."	1
all other rights reserved to the author .	1
"maclachlan becomes involved in a forbidden relationship , in another relationship that could have been taken straight out of a high school flick , and he is put into the shoes of a drug dealer who has some wild adventures with some wild friends ."	1
"the americanized version moves the location from divided berlin to broken los angeles , and the emphasis shifts onto the relationship between the immortal angel and the mortal human ."	1
no longer does joe aspire to be the enterprising gigolo ; he resolves to return to a normal job and resign to basic means .	1
"we are dazzled by faces rising out of the desert , swarms of beetles and locusts , and even creatures crawling under a human's skin ."	1
"grace finds herself taking in a fugitive from justice , sheltering him from the mob ."	1
never mind that he belongs to a profession where sneaking into a guy's apartment to zap him with a stun gun is simply a matter of course .	1
"tommy lee jones basically just reprises the role for which he won an oscar in the fugitive , but the movie makes good use of his stone-faced wit ."	1
realises this and tries to get back to his room . . . cut	1
"despite being as restless as a fly during the hyperactive restaurant scenes ( all the better to blend in with a hustling crowd of gabby trendsetters ) , you'd be hard pressed to find a single uninteresting image ."	1
the two partners stumble over the corpse of a grotesquely obese man .	1
"early on , the two meet up with ben goodrich ( oliver platt ) , rebecca's new boyfriend , and although the bond isn't immediate , ben and the two boys develop a liking for each other ."	1
"the obvious candidate is the slightly off-kilter professor at the college the girl went to ( none other than freddy kruger himself , robert englund ) , who teaches a class on urban legends ."	1
"they really are eye popping , with some great models to boot ."	1
"it doesn't just happen ; it takes a good script , good acting , and good direction ."	1
"it's a story which requires emoting , not acting ; it's a prime time soap opera with big guns , played for all the dopey melodrama it's worth ."	1
"then that leads us to the brilliant final showdown on new york city's crowded streets , and a madman with a nuke walking among them ."	1
"in a film like this , it's the calibre of the actors that make or break it ."	1
the phantom menace won't win any major oscars .	1
"it's so overwhelming that , i swear to you , i had trouble breathing ."	1
"with the arrival of the emperor ( an apparition-like creature played by ian mcdiarmid ) , vader has turned into somewhat of a henchman ."	1
"it would have been a little more fun , i think , had craven used joe dante's approach from matinee and shown lengthy excerpts from his satirical production ."	1
"grier is jackie brown , a flight attendant who gets caught transporting drugs and money into the united states ."	1
""" great expectations "" also demonstrates how to modernize a classic story right , especially after the excruciatingly wretched excesses of baz luhrmann's "" william shakespeare's romeo + juliet . """	1
he was tougher in a perfect world .	1
an excellent comedy .	1
lang by no means implies that the town has learned its lesson from this incident .	1
"the concept of the plot is as mindstretching as "" 12 monkeys "" was , however , so be prepared and be sophisticated ."	1
he is advised to go to the big lebowski and get him to pay for the defiled rug .	1
"this film is amarcord , 1974 comedy by famous italian director federico fellini , which later gave inspiration to numerous imitations and homages , and even led few american screen artists to adopt its heretical views about benefits of small town life ."	1
"klein plays a kind-hearted athlete for the second time in a row , after alexander payne's underappreciated election ."	1
"dr . emil reingold , as portrayed by steven wright , passing judgement on m&m : "" mickey and mallory know the difference between right and wrong , they just don't give a damn . """	1
i hope to see more of this warm actor with the disarmingly honest face very soon .	1
"one wonders if even after two decades , _blade runner_ is still casting its long shadow over sci-fi films ."	1
"when derek is released , having served three years in prison , he finds that his brother is now a full-blown skinhead ; derek , however , has given up the violence , and tries to get his brother to understand why racism and the violence that comes with it are bad things ."	1
"cinematographer peter suschitzky , who makes the most of wynn thomas's wildly imaginative production design ( thomas helped define the spike lee style ) , actually took time off from his mars attacks !"	1
"and with a dymanite performance by derek jacobi , it has the comic and distanced tone that it needs ."	1
"ok , so it's not really all that new a story , but the way sommers tells it is entertaining enough ."	1
"take it from me , south park : b , l , and u , isn't as good as you'd hope , but it is good for some laughs ."	1
the acting : abraham is magnificient as salieri ; his acting range enables him to focus on each individual emotion and express it through his speech and body language .	1
"the scowling police officer orders him to go away , and , after he has tried to work his miracles , sonny leaves with a smile in the confidence that he has done the lord's work ."	1
i'm guessing steve has a thing for nazis ; i really wouldn't be surprised if a velociraptor ate one of the swastika-wearing dudes in the next jurassic park movie .	1
"young kids may be disturbed by the site of a dismembered head , but a good deal of humor is derived ( more appropriate for adults , of course ) ."	1
and it's a big one .	1
"in exotica everybody is watching , and what is worse , everybody knows ."	1
"wild things is appropriately rated r for strong sexuality , nudity , language and violence ."	1
"out of sight is certainly a light film , although there are a few heavy moments that will linger in the memory ."	1
rated r for sci-fi violence .	1
"meanwhile , a couple of young toughs , turkish ( jason stratham ) and tommy ( stephen graham ) , are trying to break in to the boxing game with the help of local villain brick top ( alan ford ) , who also owns a pig farm ."	1
"chris goes to heaven , or his version of heaven , rather ."	1
it's both rousing and chilling .	1
"with the rumpo's past experience , it would seem that marshall is out of his depth , but using his sanitary skills and learning the ways of the west from annie oakley , he at least stands some chance !"	1
"once the silly tone of the film is set , it's easy to just sit back and throw logic out the window because logic and comedy just don't mix ."	1
"her story is officially discredited , although believed by a large segment of the public ( who don't even have to know that her computer records of the trip contain nothing but static ."	1
"when his best friend on the force is killed by joe ( michael wincott , in a terrific performance ) , a psychotic , demented jewel thief , roger makes it his mission to capture the guy before he strikes again ."	1
the doctor was evasive and clearly uncomfortable .	1
"if you've already neatly categorized it as yet another disaster movie a la volcano or the poseidon adventure , think again ."	1
"the premise , although it may sound complex , is very basic on the big screen ."	1
"the plot is simple , and serves as good basis for numerous action scenes ."	1
"it is a film that is magical with its charm and humor , exciting in its adventurous exploits , funny with its dry wit and cute voices , and breathtaking in its presentation ."	1
"michael browning's clever screenplay allows for plenty of notable one-liners ( my favorite , taken in context , is "" you mean _arrrgh_ pirates ? "" ) , and though it essentially boils down to one mishap after another , they're all quite engaging ."	1
"but scarlett can't get past her need for ashley , and during a scene which sets the stage for the grand story , butler learns of this and continues to throw it back at scarlett forever ."	1
"mostow , hitherto directed the showtime thriller flight of a black angle , alleviates the contrivances and generics of the script by gingerly pursuing the trajectory of the plot , efficiently letting the tone and the mood of the story generate that nail-biting suspense sought for in a well- made affair ."	1
"when i first saw it i began to cry , though i could not say why ."	1
i must say house on haunted hill was a surprise .	1
"the much-talked-about hotel room menage-a-trois between dillon , campbell and richards is a turn-off ."	1
the dark crystal deserved ( and still deserves ) a bigger audience .	1
"the sparks created by the earlier movie are , by necessity , not evident here ."	1
"torontonian polley ( of the sweet hereafter ) refused to do publicity for this picture on the basis that she was "" not pleased with "" her turn as the ill-fated cashier ."	1
"but this is the 1960s , and abortion is illegal ."	1
kerry fox from an angel at my table and shallow grave plays rosemary with a compelling joy .	1
"although a few elements can be questioned , the movie works well on its own terms ."	1
"but as i watched the scenes in carnegie hall , i thought of some of the great acts that have taken that stage ."	1
"after the debacle with 1996's milos forman film , the people vs ."	1
he rolls his sleeves up and does the job well here .	1
"one night , they are both put under a hypnotic trance by a magician , and unbeknownst to them , placed under his control ."	1
"the script is loosely based on john irving's novel , a prayer for owen meany , but it's so far off the source material that irving actually requested the credits be changed from 'based on' to 'suggested by . '"	1
"she hardly features in the film at all , but she still manages to make an impact on the audience ."	1
"this is definitely one of the best films of 99 , and had some of the best acting , most notably by moore ."	1
melvin has some great lines .	1
"based on elisabeth sanxay holding's novel "" the blank wall , "" "" the deep end "" is a well-crafted thriller written and directed by scott mcgehee and david siegel ( "" suture "" ) ."	1
conflicts arise when inspector javert ( geoffrey rush ) is assigned to vigo .	1
"the best thing , however , is the plot ."	1
"the movie references a great many other flicks , from "" babe "" ( "" that'll do , donkey ."	1
written by john grisham and robert altman ( as al hayes )	1
"the film is a triumph , and an entertaining one at that ."	1
"the killer's nickname in the press is the blue blood killer , because he preys on older rich socialite women , and he's played by william baldwin ( this is not a spoiler ) ."	1
"they're joined by cotton weary ( liev schreiber ) , who was falsely accused of homicide in a cameo appearance during the first film ; his role here is significantly expanded ."	1
""" jude "" moves at a very slow pace , and keeps taunting its viewers with chances of happiness for its protagonists , which would drive some people nuts ."	1
"in the end , the extremity of the gory violence is not justified by the "" importance "" of the film ."	1
the issues tackled in earth have a particular urgency in light of the nuclear test bombings that took place last year .	1
bethany ( linda fiorentino ) has to now use the help of all these people to try and stop the angels before they cheat their way back to heaven leading to a violent and bloody end that will make you think twice about your faith .	1
"director douglas keeve ( who was mizrahi's lover at the time ) freely admits that he "" couldn't care less about the truth "" but was more interested in capturing "" the spirit and love in isaac and in fashion . """	1
"and of course , the kids or the dog ( at least one or the other ) will do something heroic ."	1
the farmer whose dog was tortured to death comes into the scientist's lab and knocks him cold while he was in the middle of a phone conversation with one of the higher-ups who told him all the animals he needs are on the way .	1
"although he does a lot of voice-over work in commercials and on "" the simpsons "" ( as sideshow bob ) , grammer only makes slight variations on his own voice ."	1
a goddamn faggot ?	1
"for the first reel of girls town , you just can't get over lili taylor ."	1
not too shabby .	1
"fincher uses lighting , music , and editing quite well , but his story is always the thrust of the film ."	1
the film set a new standard for special effects in film .	1
"in emphasising style over matters of plot argento is somewhat notorious in cult film circles , but some aficionados still praise tenebrae as the greatest of his "" giallo "" murder mysteries ."	1
"i couldn't stop laughing during this movie , and if you can stand all the raunch and the sex references , then american pie is for you ."	1
cheri is a character labute uses as a catalyst to see how the other characters react to her .	1
much of the film is dedicated to developing the various characters' subplots .	1
"is just bess , a bit naive and innocent ( in every aspect of the word ) , at first ."	1
"the supporting roles are filled by : an aging busybody with a heart of gold and a troubled psyche ; david's roommate , who rally takes the communist party line to its expected extreme ; david's ex-girlfriend , who dumped him for another guy , yet wants to bed him before she leaves for italy with her husband ; german , a gay sculptor whose work diego is attempting to exhibit , and who strikes a faustian pact with the government ."	1
it's about special effects and gory violence .	1
"the most interesting one is kilgore , the lt . col . who cares more about the surf than about the mission ."	1
"the devil's advocate plays out fairly straight-forward , but for some odd reason , the screenwriters wanted to surprise everyone by giving us something we don't expect ."	1
"this realist tendancy can be inspiring at times , as 1993's schindler's list shows ."	1
her character is extraneous and should have been either further integrated into the story or cut from the script altogether .	1
"the public-domain characters made into icons in various disney films take their hits ? pinocchio is referred to as a "" possessed toy "" and when shrek spies a sleeping snow white in his cabin , he bellows , "" get that dead broad off the table ! """	1
"the effects are stunning , the digitalized creatures are amazingly realistic , the lightsaber duels are amazing , and queen amidala's sumptuous robes are fit to be worn by queen elizabeth ."	1
"the thin red line will doubtless be compared to 1998's other masterpiece of war , saving private ryan a countless number of times ."	1
"small spaces such as rooms , alleys and courtyards create intimacy ."	1
notting hill	1
"when clue played in theaters , it ran with the gimmick of three different endings ."	1
"some of jost vacano's cinematography is fantastic , and one particular delineation of nomi's character alteration , a no-dialog scene using nothing but color changes in the lighting , is utterly terrifying ."	1
"freeman , reprising his role from the play , plays the chauffeur , hoke ."	1
"floating life is ultimately about the ties that bond a family together , which are able to withstand great distances and new environments ."	1
"in one scene , she actually looks dead while someone is having sex with her ."	1
"there are a lot of plugs ( and a good mars today gag ) however , the sets look great , and the special effects at the end of the film aren't too bad either ."	1
"the last third of the movie really doesn't work as well as i would have liked , and for a romantic comedy , it's slow ."	1
"she grows to love jack , but seems unable to escape the slimy clutches of her arranged fiance' , cal hockley ( billy zane ) ."	1
"fingal first creates a virtual reality fantasy world , then finds there's no better way to hack the system than from the inside ."	1
"the rapid succession of all those 8mm , 16mm , 35mm images from various perspectives with a soundtrack sometimes in sync and sometimes out of sink instills a skittish , frenetic mood ."	1
"the performance included a dead-on elvis impression , robin williams in disguise and a moment at the end when kaufman announced he would take the whole audience out for milk and cookies ."	1
christina ricci is being acclaimed for her part as the misguided teenage temptress who looks for something more to her life in the pants of every available boy .	1
"ebouaney is dynamic , radiating his character's fierce passion for his people and his country ."	1
there's something about ben stiller that makes him a popular choice among casting directors these days .	1
"after finding out his real identity , he sees for the first time the oppression of the jewish slaves that are all around him ."	1
the simple fact that the movie is smashingly successful at what it aims to achieve is just astonishing .	1
"this dude has maybe two lines in the entire movie , but he establishes his presence through his amazing moves with his double-sided lightsaber , and his scary facial makeup ."	1
"there are important questions raised about tarzan's place in the world , and all are handled exceptionally well by the screenwriters ."	1
"she is always a very winning actress , but this is probably her most three-dimensional role that she has had ( with a close second being altman's 1993 mosaic , "" short cuts "" ) ."	1
this is the actor's finest work since his breakthrough into the hollywood market in the early 80's .	1
does a fine job keeping up with shandling and makes a good catalyst for his brand of humor .	1
"murnau was reportedly a giant man , well over six feet , a towering figure probably incapable of anything but a grand entrance ."	1
"although at occasions the film may jump around a little too freely , focus is never lost on how important and vulnerable the subject matter really is ."	1
wahlberg's surprising performance is on par with woody harrelson's .	1
she finds the right note for each scene and holds it .	1
why continue to build such machines of mass destruction while already possessing enough of them to destroy the world several times over ?	1
the solution lies no farther away than the second blatant reminder of the master scribe : patrick verona ( heath ledger ) .	1
"william "" old shoe "" schumann ( woody harrelson ) , an ex-military officer who turns out to be a first-class psycho ."	1
"as the movie starts he is leading one of these groups into the woods , on the "" blair witch hunt "" ."	1
you might as well bring ear plugs because this thing is louuuudd !	1
| now with search engine * * *	1
"the latter one preferred hong kong martial arts flicks , probably because they could ( or , to be more precise , thought they could ) imitate its stunts in the real life ."	1
the music by matthew wilder and lyrics by david zippel fit nicely into the plot .	1
"people watch truman's life 24 hours a day , live , with no commercial interruptions ."	1
"on a winning streak , they released "" the road to el dorado "" and it wasn't as big as they hoped , but still did ok , then they had the fantastic "" chicken run "" in the summer ."	1
i can't reccomend anastasia highly enough .	1
"after indecent proposal and up close and personal , redford was wise to direct himself in a picture at last ."	1
"? so what if they are not "" great "" singers---they ain't singing opera , folks , its pop music !"	1
"as a lasting testament to the longevity of the film and its legion of fans , a brand new special edition 2-disc dvd set has been released that is the most comprehensive compendium of rocky horror to date ( even out shining the laserdisc special edition that was released for its 20th anniversary ) ."	1
every single scene in the movie goes on about 3-4 minutes too long .	1
"as a black detective conducting an investigation in a southern town full of violent white bigots , no matter how innocent tibbs is , he is still seen by these bigots as a threat simply because of the color of his skin ."	1
jp3 probably functions better as a sequel than jp2 .	1
the star of the show is neither the top-billed lane nor the titular mouse .	1
her showdown with powell is memorable -- a battle done with dueling hymns .	1
i like the fact that her character didn't end up toting a gun at the end of the movie . . . it	1
"with all three , he's managed to attach himself to great scripts ( this one by toby emmerich , whose only previous movie experience was as a music supervisor on numerous new line films ) and add equally great direction ."	1
quiz show gives signs of hope that the art of writing isn't dead in hollywood and that we need not only look to independent films for thoughtful content .	1
"vincent yearns to be an astronaut , but when he gets a job at a giant space company , it's as a janitor ( ernest borgnine plays his boss ! ) ."	1
pacing is right .	1
"walsh ) , taking him and others hostage , and proclaiming he has been framed ."	1
"for the first hour or so , i can quite honestly say i was on the verge of tears ; these are miserable , miserable people ."	1
the ring is probably one of the creepiest movies i've seen in years .	1
one of the best has romy reminiscing about her life's battle against the bathroom scales .	1
"giles is enraptured , and the moment hotpants college ii is over , he beings to scour stores for bostock memorabilia , including teen magazines and video tapes ."	1
"kiki initially seems to derive much of her self-worth from the beauty of her surroundings and the people around her , but an encounter with a rude girl crashes down her bewonderment , making her question the importance of such beauty ."	1
"after all , this is adam sandler right ? ? ?"	1
"yet , this movie is very appealing ."	1
the performances are the key here .	1
"the "" law of eights "" that bethlehem lives by seems to have its origins somewhere beyond the film , but where ?"	1
"sure , "" starship troopers "" qualifies as cinematic junk food , but that's forgivable when the junk food is this tasty ."	1
you bet it will !	1
"i'm not saying that i was hysterically rolling on the floor while watching waiting for guffman , but my mouth burst open with at least a delighted guffaw at least every couple of minutes ."	1
director joe johnson deserves much credit for successfully navigating the many obstacles that october sky manages to dodge .	1
"but before you send me hate-mail for not giving that title to "" citizen kane "" , hear me out ."	1
goodbye jay and silent bob .	1
"ingredients : lost parrot trying to get home , friends"	1
"nothing here is realistic , mind you ."	1
it all works .	1
"his no-frills visual style hasn't changed much over the years , though ( dogma's widescreen compositions at least have blockbuster affectations ) , nor has his writing-his characters still sit around delivering one caustic , hilarious speech after another ."	1
"in short , i wanted to see the film through a less distorted lens ."	1
"ordell uses honest bail bondsman max cherry ( robert forster ) to get jackie out of jail , but while max is immediately attracted to her , jackie is more concerned about her immediate safety , since ordell killed the last one of his operatives who got picked up by the police ."	1
"although english had killed his father many years ago , young scottish commoner william wallace ( played by mel gibson ) doesn't care about politics and wants only to have peaceful life with his new bride murron ( played by catherine maccormack ) ."	1
"yet one characteristic unites these two diverse individuals -- the compulsion to gamble , whether it's on horses , dogs , cards , or the flip of a coin ."	1
a must-see .	1
"and arguably just as surprising , the good-spirited film is no comedy , even if it does have humorous moments ."	1
"charles morse ( anthony hopkins ) is the main character , a rich and very intelligent man who wonders what the accumulation of all this knowledge has brought to him ."	1
albert has a very unique sense of humor that makes him a very likeable character .	1
"the three of them , along with a fourth friend ( elizabeth mcgovern ) end up on holiday in venice together , where their interactions are quite complicated ."	1
this is the main goal of a movie ; to be spontaneous and surprising .	1
the only difference to him between nuclear armageddon and conventional warfare is the raw data and the casualty totals .	1
the first thing that jumps out to one when they see the advertisements for this film is the huge cast .	1
"things are told from one person's perspective , and then from another , and then from another , each time learning more and more ."	1
"someone who can defeat stempel , even if they have to resort to cheating ."	1
"almost two decades after its release , hardcore is mostly forgotten by critics and film scholars ."	1
"brad pitt is equally convincing as the "" vampire with a human soul "" ."	1
the show has many funny twists .	1
she sounds way too soft in several places where she should be comanding ( like . . . patti	1
"she enjoyed squash , diving , swimming , and rugby ."	1
"another comeback comes from former tv star robert forster , who does a grand job as max cherry , and is perfectly cast in doing so ."	1
and that is how it should be .	1
"i look at you people and wonder , how did you ever fit in my womb ? """	1
a big piece of what makes this film work is the depiction of the kingpin .	1
dad was fighting a fire when they shot him .	1
"the supporting cast is apparently made up of the entire cast of casino and goodfellas , and are all funny caricatures , especially vitti's bodyguard jelly ( joe viterelli . )"	1
"when a new year's eve party ends with cookie comatose after a drug overdose , spoon and stretch begin to wonder if they are living on borrowed time ."	1
"all of a sudden , a chain reaction of events begin to destroy the family ."	1
what gets things going is the fact that a winner of the lottery is apparently one of the residents in the small town ( pop 52 ) of tullymore .	1
"for the scenes in the concentration camp lack the horror , the pain , the unimaginable suffering of a schindler's list ."	1
"there's only so much you can do with a car wreck , but this movie makes crisp , effective use of pile-ups in a handful of frenzied destruction derbies ."	1
"writer brian helgeland has created a terrific story , and when watching this film , you are left to wonder if all of jerry fletcher's far-fetched ( or so they seem at first ) conspiracy theories are helgeland's own opinions ."	1
"in all cases , and in "" o brother , "" too , the characters populating their films are three-dimensional people ."	1
"but other than that ( and some sexual innuendos ) , it's a perfect choice for some wholesome fun at the theaters ."	1
"at one point , he terrorizes a boardroom full of suits with an angry combination of words and bullets ."	1
"this general unpleasantness is especially underlined in the scenes of battle , where hand-to-hand combat is naturalistically displayed in all its gory details , never seen since verhoeven's ultra-naturalistic flesh & blood ."	1
"it's like "" la dolce vita "" without the accuracy , the right amount of wit , and the correct personal crisis ."	1
"the sisters have choices , like everyone else in life does ."	1
"a costume drama set in the 1500s , england , elizabeth is a lush , romantic , political masterpiece about the upset over the crossing of a protestant queen from a respected catholic one ."	1
"gus van sant ? s ( to die for , drugstore cowboy ) cold , urban direction is right on , as well as danny elfman ? s sauntering musical score ."	1
he hires a private investigator to find her : pat healy ( matt dillon ) .	1
"the story is full of cliched characters , ( the creepy man who the nice girl has to marry , the poor boy with heart , the stuck-up mother ) and poor dialogue ( the script consists of lots of in-jokes of how the boat won't sink , and most of the dialogue is pretty basic ) it's a shame really , as the audience does have to sit through 3 hours of this film ."	1
"however the tension , like the heat , flies and dust , is always there ."	1
"from start to finish , this is clearly hurt's movie ? he's in almost every frame ."	1
"needless to say , that is an extremely rare thing in disney screenings these days ."	1
"by the way , if you're concerned that i gave away too much of the plot , rest assured - - i barely scratched the surface ."	1
"critics are calling it predictable and worthless , audiences are disappointed with it and think it was a disappointment ."	1
the voiceover is written by acclaimed author jamaica kincaid .	1
"plot : a science-fiction picture set in modern times , this thriller follows the exploits of an "" entity "" from outer space , who likes to inhabit human bodies , use them up until they are completely worn out , and then switch over to the next available receptacle ."	1
"the casting is spot on , the acting is terrific and the script is intelligent , witty and consistently engaging , cleverly updating the original ."	1
"opinion : the good news is that this movie has a happy ending , and it features a guy trying to do the right thing ."	1
this is a film with a great deal of physical violence occurring just out of reach .	1
"charlie sheen , who has had a rocky career as of late , is in top form here ."	1
adequate support is provided by ben affleck ( chasing amy ) and stellan skarsgard ( breaking the waves ) .	1
"he is an m . d . , she's unemployed and we are introduced to them as they are getting ready to go to a fancy party ."	1
people are looking around in an egyptian temple reading about some dangerous thing that is going to destroy earth in the future .	1
"both share that "" change the past slightly , and you'll change the future heavily "" warning ."	1
"at best , that's all it was -- a sleeper hit , designed to surprise but not shake the industry ."	1
"maximum risk has its share of car chases and explosions , but they don't overwhelm the movie or detract our attention from the narrative ( not too much , anyway ) ."	1
go with a date .	1
""" i took him by the throughout and lifted him off the ground . . . . and"	1
"in this theatrical remake of the television series the saint , and its series sequel the return of the saint , val kilmer plays simon templar , an elusive thief who makes a living by stealing things from others for others ."	1
"while in alien , the crew has to cope with a ferocious creature while encased within tight spaces , in event horizon , the forces which goes against the crew is undefined but yet so powerful and horrifying ."	1
"of course , that doesn't mean that i'm gonna be giving this a four-star review or something , because "" alien : resurrection , "" the fourth film in the cool-as-hell series is not an absolutely amazing film , much like the first two were ."	1
"if you liked the first one , watch this ."	1
"and , of course , courtroom dramas are not a new topic to hollywood ."	1
"by not explicitly pointing out that it symbolizes the random poker game that life and death can be in war , the audience gets the message ."	1
"after some hesitation , luke agrees to join obi wan in his mission to save the princess , while the old man would teach him the ways of the force ."	1
"enemy of the state also features an unprecedented use of amazing cinematography -- director of photography daniel mindel throws a staggering amount of different views , angles , lenses , and film stocks at the audience that goes a long way toward involving the audience in the movie ."	1
"as a cultural rock piece , "" velvet goldmine "" is rather good , but it is merely good ."	1
"other plot details , involving a videotape and a biker gang , are irrelevant ; in fact , as is the case with most chan films , the plot itself is just about irrelevant ."	1
"while it was part of former yugoslavia , my country , croatia , used to be almost completely ignored by western films in general ."	1
"the next moment we see why and how each of these initiatives has failed , usually due to imports being cheaper than local labor or whether or not the soil is appropriate for the next agricultural trend the u . s . is forcing on the citizens ."	1
"the movie , which is weakest in the story department , is a cliff's notes version of demille's the ten commandments ."	1
"robin , on a tropical vacation with fianc ? frank ( david schwimmer ) , gets assigned to supervise an emergency photo shoot in nearby tahiti , so she reluctantly hires quinn to fly her there ."	1
"set in the 1940's , the film tells the story of a unique young man named homer wells ( tobey maguire , ride with the devil ) ."	1
""" action shot ! """	1
"decked out in a bandanna and a surprisingly convincing beard , she makes a mighty attractive man ."	1
16 months for this ?	1
bilal is unreliable but is capable of generosity .	1
melvin ( jack nicholson ) is a successful romance author who is just the opposite of what you would expect someone in that profession to be .	1
this will certainly be the definitive ac3 movie for all you home theater enthusiasts .	1
"as a business proposition , it seems hard to see how it can ever break even , but as a movie it is nothing short of wonderful ."	1
"the moniker "" bourgeois "" figuratively hangs over his head during the early parts of the movie ."	1
cannibalism is more like a sick game for them .	1
"en route , we have an extended motorcycle chase scene , a hilarious fight in the moroccan version of motel 6 with the neo-nazis , and two confrontations with savage natives ."	1
"as stahl , stiller contributes a commanding performance ."	1
"it is the 4th of july , and they will soon be heading their separate ways ."	1
"while wolfgang amadeus mozart was a genius at music , milos forman proves with his film that he is a genius of filmmaking ."	1
"both children manage the same trick , making the audience creeped out by their apparent acceptance of the way things are ."	1
"the prologue of alien 3 is a pure cinematic achievement by director david fincher , who had only directed music videos before his chance with this alien entry ."	1
"the police had arrived at the scene of the crime way too soon , leading white to believe one of the five was an informant ."	1
"by the film's end , it actually had me rooting for certain characters to get together , and i was also quite pleased with how everything was wrapped up , especially in the final scenes involving kat and bianca , kat and her father , and a flawlessly-acted and moving sequence in which kat gets up to read the poem she has written for her english class ( this is where the title comes from ) ."	1
"on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , "" the closet "" is a frankly sexual , adult 8 ."	1
frequency boasts a compelling story line .	1
"but although the zucker/abrahams/zucker team was first introduced with the kentucky fried movie in 1977 , airplane !"	1
"now that's powerful filmmaking . ) smith is nothing if not sincere about his own devotion to god , and that spirituality shines through ."	1
"after all , the mystical trip is the journey ."	1
"broderick here is playing the mr . rooney role from _ferris bueller_ , and he seems to be having the most fun he's had since then ."	1
"osnard turns in reports about the "" silent opposition , "" a group threatening to upset the balance of control over the canal ."	1
i liked this movie alot even though it did not reach my expectation .	1
"the legacy of "" sweet sweetback's baadasssss song "" is not only the plentiful amount of art and music told from the african-american perspective , but more importantly , the work of every artist who has fought to fund and produce that which is important to him ."	1
"the girl-power story begins as this sweetheart of delta nu is unceremoniously dumped by a bonehead who says : "" if i'm going to be a senator by the time i'm 30 . . . i"	1
enter . . .	1
"it's not great jackie chan , but it's jackie chan , and that's enough ."	1
the story of a pedophile obsessed with a young 14-year old girl named dolores a . k . a . lolita is great because it's not trash for the perverted but because it's about human obsession with things that are out of one's reach .	1
"i couldn't wait to know myself , though i didn't exactly want it to end , for this inspired movie is possibly the best-and most complex-summer picture in years ."	1
"it's wednesday , march 27 , and a murder investigation is underway in charlotte , south carolina ."	1
"wesley snipes has the chow yun fat role in this movie -- the silent , expressionless hit man who destroys everything in his path ."	1
"park , lord , and screenwriter karey kirkpatrick realize that an audience does not need a parody shoved in their faces before it's understood , and as a result , "" chicken run "" is filled with visual and verbal jabs that are never too obvious , but not quite vague either ."	1
"there's kate nelligan as the matriarch of the cider house , and charlize theron as candy , the lovely , lonely wife of a wwii bomber pilot ( paul rudd ) sent away on a mission overseas leaving candy to set lobster traps with homer wells , a man who's never seen the ocean before let alone a lobster ."	1
"bond is brought in to protect the pipeline's owner , elektra king ( sophie marceau ) , who is the daughter of one of renard's recent victims ."	1
"ganz plays the suicidal waiter role with a solemn , sometimes playful dignity that is a joy to watch , while maglietta never overreacts to her growing comfort with the outside world ."	1
"instead of the frequent pov shots of joe excitedly looking out of the bus on his way to new york , schlesinger sets up this final shot from the exterior of the bus looking in through the window at joe ."	1
i realize that's not saying much when the man has judge dredd on his resume .	1
jackson and davis make a good team .	1
"determined to make a dent in the space race , he becomes transfixed with his desire to make a rocket that could fly like the best of them ."	1
"lauri and ilona live lives starved for friendship , respect , culture , passion ."	1
however she isn't immediately ceased until they find out his life insurance was worth two-million dollars and they start to wonder rather she killed him for the money .	1
"what is perhaps most sensational about gods and monsters is brendan fraser's bravura performance ; up until seeing this film i intensely disliked the young actor because of his tendency to ruin the movies he is in ( blast from the past , for example ) ."	1
"this is in stark contrast to joel schumacher's contrived vision in batman and robin , reflecting the dated atmosphere in the 1960's television show ."	1
"tamara craig thomas is also realistic , especially coping with the death of her boyfriend ."	1
"the background music from groups like america and jefferson airplane , provided further nostalgia for this easy to look at and easy to grasp film ."	1
"anti-semitic , prejudiced , arrogant , protective , he is a rotten , lying monster , whose conviction may have been wrong legally , but morally he was to blame ."	1
"other than that , the acting was good , with campbell transforming her "" good girl stereotypical "" role into a pot-smoking , goth-looking white trash chick out for a good time ."	1
"brandy in particular was impressive , considering this is her first feature film ."	1
"it's sort of like westworld told from the robots' point of view , or jurassic park from the dinosaurs' point of view ."	1
i'm not sure when or how this movie will be released in the united states .	1
this is truly adventurous filmmaking that spits in the face of conventional storytelling .	1
ingredients : starving artist lusting after a beautiful woman from his childhood	1
"and the music's not half bad , either ."	1
he has a relationship with the priest .	1
"the film falls apart when dealing with its central theme , the dichotomy between science and religion ."	1
the amistad is boarded by an american naval ship and the revolutionaries are put on trial in connecticut for murder and piracy .	1
"jock's airplane at the beginning of the film has the registration number "" ob-cpo "" ."	1
"the logical but convoluted plot only exists as an excuse for the jokes and to make smith's points , and in itself , has little dramatic momentum ."	1
"this humid florida-set thriller nurtures a modestly absurd edginess that often winks at itself , which is very much a good thing since the actors and director are in on the joke ."	1
"admittingly , the basic story line leaves a little to be desired ."	1
"this christmas , little ralphie parker ( peter billingsley ) wants nothing more than a red ryder bb gun under the tree ."	1
"the "" road not taken "" approach isn't just a plot device , either ."	1
"then the plot springs into action : after being snubbed ( not deliberately ) by his father at his birthday , the kid makes a wish as he blows out the birthday candles : that for just one day , dad can't lie ."	1
and it's nice to see robin williams just act for a change .	1
"this is a more philosophical approach , reminding about the european way of filmmaking ."	1
"and because , above everything , it knows exactly how to be charming without biting off more than it can chew ."	1
"it is a tribute to everyone involved that , despite such scrutiny , only infrequently are we aware that anyone * is * acting ."	1
"as such , "" the celebration "" may be the one truly bizarro film of the year : a work of art so eerily close to reality that it's utterly disturbing and utterly fascinating ."	1
and the fighting scenes were all excellent .	1
the sad truth is that jude is one of the miserable people who can never get any luck in this world .	1
"she once went out with a businessman , nicolas ( jean-pierre bacri ) , who left her 8-years ago and now shows up in paris and asks her help to find someone to rent a flat for his family ."	1
"for a price and the promise of a caretaker , jerome supplies vincent with his identity , as well as blood , skin and urine samples for all of those pesky on-the-job tests and physical examinations -- this future is one where employees clock in by pricking their fingers instead of punching a time card ."	1
"he plays his role in out of sight as the suave cary grant-type perfected in hitchcock movies , the kind of guy to whom crime is just a profession like any other ."	1
"no one apparently had an answer , they just wanted to control what should have been only the choice of sherri and her husband ."	1
the dialog goes from extremely funny to morose without missing a beat .	1
"it's a filthy , sooty place where the whores ( called "" unfortunates "" ) are starting to get a little nervous about this mysterious psychopath who has been carving through their profession with surgical precision ."	1
"the shock and outrage from the congregation grows , the questions keep coming , and he keeps shooting back honest , if ugly , answers ."	1
"god herself - yes , in the world of this film , god , is most definitely a "" her "" - and a chorus of undulating , scantily-clad angels , have their most watchful and lustful eyes on the events as they unfold , adding a lovely fantasy element to this frothy concoction ."	1
"their relationship is the most down-to-earth complex entity of the year : they love eachother more than anyone else in the entire world , but they're also completely jealous of one another ."	1
"and that's a shame - this is a funny , enchanting , and goofy movie full of laughs , surprises , and wonderful dance sequences ."	1
the look is absolutely mesmerizing right from the opening moments to the last .	1
"it's a complicated , unforgettable film that , like the ice storm two years ago , dares to explore the darkest reaches of suburban life ."	1
"what puts a damper on this otherwise exceptional and creative film , i ? ? ? m afraid , is the ending , or , rather , the identity of the killer ."	1
"hopefully that film will be a mere diversion in tinseltown , and chan will continue with exuberant hong kong productions such as mr . nice guy , for his unique charm and reckless abandon are sure to be diluted by american hands , much like they have been before ."	1
masturbation is considered a sin with the sacrament of penance necessary for absolution .	1
"amistad , while a fine example of film making , is not as transcendent ."	1
"there are some immense flaws , like pacing ."	1
"verhoeven pays the notion plenty of lip service , then proceeds to skewer it with brilliant mock recruitment ads ( named after the world war ii-era "" why we fight "" series ) in which youngsters are indoctrinated into the joys of firearms , or the pleasures of stomping cockroaches ."	1
it's bleak and it's black but it's fundamentally very funny .	1
"he's not completely dramatic like the film promises , however ."	1
joseph mazzello gives the stand out performance .	1
"although on the face of it , event horizon is mostly molded for mass-entertainment ; many thrills , spills and suspense to keep audiences in focus ."	1
"sixty years later , thanks to the ongoing efforts of walt's nephew , a new fantasia is being released ."	1
"buzz sank into a suicidal depression , but woody showed buzz that being a toy was worthwhile because a toy is loved and a toy makes a child happy ."	1
"the film's prime example of hustler's attitude is a cartoon depicting characters from the wizard of oz in an orgy , giving the audience an opportunity to giggle at flynt's "" naughtiness . """	1
"now comes o , a faithful retelling of one of the most tragic of shakespeare's tragedies ."	1
"director brad silberling is a talented man , and he knows that a story like this is driven by the characters , rather than forced sentimentality ."	1
"oh yeah , stallone's real life son , sage , is in this too ."	1
"was it the glamorous , sophisticated feel ?"	1
"julianne moore's character , linda , quickly escalates to a frenzied pitch of guilt , tears , screaming and remorse and never backs off from it ."	1
"mickey and mallory knox internalized them , too , then through spontaneous sexual awareness sparked in each one of them by the presence of the other , discovered them , and began expurgating them from themselves and from the world in the process unifying themselves ."	1
"whoever said history tends to repeat itself wasn't joking , especially when it comes to the movies ."	1
""" blood simple "" is unrelentingly dark and moody , but its characterizations were a little hollow ."	1
the movie is packed with layers and self-references that make it a pleasure to watch .	1
"overall , waking ned devine has a predictable outcome , and plot twists are never really taken seriously ."	1
what is thought ?	1
"bulworth is a far better film than these , both in its execution and lasting impression . ?"	1
"--michael jordan , on winning his first nba championship in 1991 . . . or ,"	1
"also popping up in the supporting cast is paul sorvino wit h a strange accent , laurie metcalf as the exact same characters she's also played , and christine baranski of cybill fame as bullworths wife , who all contribute to the fun ."	1
"it's much more "" real "" than chuck norris or jean-claude van damme ."	1
"the production team behind the camera includes ritchie alumni , producer matthew vaughn and lenser tim maurice-jones , and other talented technical artist that bring the hyperactive imagination of the author to visual life ."	1
"also very similar to "" the matrix , "" they are exciting and intense ."	1
"this is one of those movies that is just "" fun "" and can't really be summed up any nicer or clearer ."	1
"like many crazy men , he has some fine ideas , but some sick ways of expressing himself ."	1
in the opening credits the movie reminds us that trekkies are the only fan group listed in the oxford english dictionary ( oed ) .	1
"naturally , a newspaper writer's wages don't count as "" rich . """	1
their date ends as humiliating fiasco because travis makes fatal mistake by inviting her to porno movie theatre .	1
everything that happens reminds him of a situation in the nam .	1
segment five is the funniest of the bunch .	1
"naturally , the potential victim escapes into her car and drives off ."	1
"based on the 1934 film death takes a holiday , meet joe black is a well acted romantic drama which explores the meanings of life and love ."	1
"this isn't the sort of role one usually associates with ms . roberts - the julianne character's neurotic , fumbling characteristics are more in line with a meg ryan role - but ms . roberts works wonderfully in the film and demonstrates her aptitude at comedy here , remaining compelling and empathetic to the audience , if not entirely sympathetic , even when her deeds done to destroy the wedding plans of her best friend are less than honourable ."	1
"it opened to critic's praise worldwide ( i first saw it in mexico city , last december ) ."	1
"he takes on the child's case in the hope of redeeming himself for botching up the previous one , alienating his wife in the process ."	1
"but "" when we were kings "" tackles issues that are harder to pin down than the simple facts of a boxing match ."	1
i must question the studio that releases a movie like this .	1
"the rest of the familiar players in this drama are uniformly well cast , too ."	1
is it possible for a lowly janitor to be this intelligent ?	1
one almost wonders how they got away with the r rating .	1
"the plot runs along the same lines as the acting -- interesting , but predictable ."	1
other acting honours go to joan sims who is perfect as desiree and charles hawtrey who is excellent as the french aristo pommfrit .	1
"the martians are full of character , the performances are spot on , and the all star cast help make the film more enjoyable ."	1
"the failure of both "" the maxx "" tv show and of _the caveman's valentine_ ( not forgetting the initial backlash against _unbreakable_ ) suggests that the public may not be ready for america's surprising contributions to dark fantasy ."	1
this brings rhett butler back into the picture and thus begins their torrid love- hate relationship .	1
"last question ; is it , as some suggest , one of the best films of all-time ?"	1
"okay , so it isn't that good ."	1
"while the film itself occasionally wobbles around along with stahl , the writing ( adapted from stahl's autobiography by director david veloz ) is controlled and pointed ."	1
i was pleasantly surprised to find that she really did a good job playing a nuclear scientist .	1
"and as for the fact they're reportedly making a "" titanic 2 "" ? well i guess that's typical hollywood for you !"	1
it's a nice touch considering what we have had to go through with the bear .	1
"fuentes is a true liberal , a caring man who thinks he can cure the ills of his country by fighting bacteria and ignorance among the indigenous indians ."	1
"with a terrific soundtrack , courtesy of george harrison , whom also was an executive producer , time bandits is sure to be a very surrealistic , time-traveling adventure with unforgettable characters that is sure to entertain anyone ."	1
"almost destined for cult-status , the film's campy , cheesy overtones actually work towards the film ."	1
"this film is what i like to call a "" hidden treasure "" ."	1
a broadway theater is bombed .	1
seeing john travolta play bill clinton so confidently and justly is enough to make the film more than worth a look .	1
hollywood often forgets how easy it is to make these kinds of pictures even tolerable .	1
perhaps watching alien 3 on video helped .	1
"the character is a noble woman of status and wealth , but finds a greater cause as a result of her own imprisonment ."	1
"for the most part , though , demme maintains his trademark directorial neutrality ."	1
"in short , this movie is just awesome ."	1
"unfortunately , towards the end , the boiler room turns a tad schmaltzy ."	1
but that doesn't mean it fails to comply on the basis of solid entertainment .	1
this is a two person film with the other characters there merely for the two leads to bounce their lines off of .	1
"she studied ballet at the royal academy of dance in london , but switched to drama after a spinal injury ."	1
"director robert rodriguez ( "" from dusk to dawn "" ) maintains a frenetic pace , with the whole film clocking in at a mere 86 minutes ."	1
"visiting florence to follow up several leads , she is lured by the killer alfredo ( thomas kretschmann ) to an art gallery , a favourite haunt where he hopes to identify exactly who is on his tail ."	1
"she doesn't seem to genuinely like either of them , but it's all she can do in this one-horse town ."	1
"however , this also gives the film a frightening aspect which the game uses to the fullest extent ."	1
"1992's alien3 marked not only the death ( by suicide ) of its popular protagonist , ellen ripley ( sigourney weaver ) , but , in many ways , the alien franchise itself--box office receipts were anemic , thanks to poor audience word of mouth ; and the critics who rallied around the first two installments , 1979's alien and 1986's aliens , savaged david fincher's slog of a sendoff ( myself included ) ."	1
who else has found it ? --the	1
"during these first ten minutes , i learned everything i had to in order for alien 3 to proceed ."	1
"she was trying to escape from reality and that by returning to london , she has another chance to see if she can find the key to this world or whatever world she is looking for and should no longer have nightmares about where she's at ."	1
"when he and his crew get a job opportunity at the long-abandoned danvers state hospital , he underbids the competition to secure the contract and promises to get the three-week job done in one ."	1
his confessions to rita about his feelings of loss are one of the many heartfelt outpourings in the story .	1
"ford lincoln mercury ( self-named ) is the polar opposite of o-dog , tate's character in his debut film , "" menace ii society "" ( 1993 ) , and tate makes ford's innocent belief in hope as convincing as o-dog's cynicism and brutality ."	1
"on the surface , it's a cold , boring , unerotic porn with name starts , a name director , and some cool camerawork ."	1
"director/writer : luc besson producer : luc besson , claude besson starring : jean reno , natalie portman , gary oldman , danny aiello"	1
he demonstrates a quiet strength and thoughtful curiosity that is both warm and appealing .	1
but at an airport i once browsed an astrology book with a section on leo tigers ( lts ) .	1
"a new script , an alien invasion story entitled chubby rain , has caught bowfinger's eye ."	1
"and in a scene that drew a big laugh from everyone present when i saw the film , a man tries to achieve closure after a failed relationship by reciting poetry on a bridge and then throwing a typewriter into the creek below ."	1
sometimes the stories are compelling .	1
he just enjoys it .	1
"though the story and score should've tried "" less is more , "" all other credits are technical tops ."	1
"the coen brothers are back again , this time with homer's "" odyssey "" as the backdrop in their tale of three fugitives from a mississippi chain gang who trek across the south to find a secret treasure in "" o brother , where art thou ? """	1
"the three sisters lovingly prepare their mother's memorial banquet of traditional delicacies , prepared as much for look as taste , while giggling over the differences between the sexes ."	1
it's not clear which scene it is .	1
every single actor turns in one of their best performances ever .	1
"it flows so well that you feel more like you're reading chapter two of a book ( long chapters , eh ? )"	1
"he's served well , though , by his casting of ebouaney in the title role ."	1
"with no new eye-candy for four weeks straight , we've had to sustain ourselves on the quasi-nutritional value of cheatin' husbands , traveling chocolate salesmen , and computer- generated serial killers ."	1
"if you are going because of the dragon , you will not be dissapointed , and you will be provided with plenty of laughs that smooth out the boring parts in the script ."	1
they demonstrate the well-known teenage qualities of two of the common versions of adolescents today .	1
"it is a story combining hope and intolerance , sacrifice and bigotry , and while it does not coalesce perfectly , the movie does offer some disturbing images ."	1
"fire flies from the sky , flesh-eating beetles crawl about , and , well , ihmoetep's plan begins to unfold ."	1
star trek : insurrection is no exception .	1
some of the best parts of the film are when truman ventures into the wrong elevator and sees cast members drinking coffee and talking .	1
"this is however , just a minor point , just forget all those technical bullshit and immerse yourselves into the drama and suspense throughout the film ."	1
"for example , he is hanging off a roof and he humorously taunts his foes to come and get him , as he claims to be the korean 007 ( that's secret agent james bond ) ."	1
by farquaad spits icing and yells 'eat me ! '	1
they give insightful and detailed thoughts about the film's production .	1
""" drunken master "" has the distinction of being the first jackie chan movie to "" make it big "" --this is the movie that supposedly set jackie up for big stardom in hong kong ."	1
"unfortunately , as she kept painting these dazzling pictures , they only served to push me further away from the material and remind me that there was no connection between me and the film ."	1
"certainly different from the usual crap hollywood produces , it should be viewed by everyone ."	1
"now , she poses as much a threat to the safety and security of town bully francie and his best pal joe ( alan boyle ) as the looming commie menace ( "" the butcher boy "" is set at a time when the fear of nuclear obliteration is first and foremost in the minds of many ) ."	1
"i dunno who thought of casting him , but if they're reading this : news flash : eric roberts is * not * a star !"	1
"cinematically , the truman show is impeccable , stylishly photographed by peter biziou and littered with symbolic images ."	1
"as he comments , "" we were the only irishfolk to say goodbye to the statue of liberty . """	1
"operation condor has pretentions of being a "" raiders of the lost ark "" knockoff , but one wonders what jackie could do with the raiders franchise blocking for him -- with a lawrence kazdan screenplay , a john williams score , spielberg directing and george lucas producing , condor might be an a+ movie ."	1
"and they aren't like movies that happen in outer space either , because no one's done any of that stuff yet ."	1
"from start to finish , this movie does not let go of you ."	1
what really disturbs me are the jokes that bookend the film .	1
"on the brink of being thrown out , he lands himself in even more hot water when he falls for first grade teacher rosemary cross ( olivia williams ) and enlists the help of millionaire acquaintance herman blume ( the great bill murray ) to build an aquarium ( on rushmore's baseball field ) in her honour ."	1
"without it , the entire film would fall flat because so much of it is reliant on the audience feeling rick's pain and frustration ."	1
at least that's how it is all beginning .	1
i believe that dr . evil got more attention in the tswsm than austin powers did .	1
"sometimes the morals are buried by the bloody violence and intense action scenes , but during quiet moments , we realize that starship troopers has something to tell us about our civilization ."	1
this year 'double jeopardy' is one of those films .	1
"it contains parts of bringing up baby , any hepburn/tracy film , part of the plot of war games , cary grant and rosalind russell in his girl friday , elevator shaft action , train action , and murder ."	1
"shepard narrates from a first person point-of-view , divulging his various adventures one snowy december , in which visions of taking aim with his new bb gun replaced that of sugarplums dancing in his head ."	1
"one might wish he hadn't picked the profession of analyst for the father , giovanni ( which he stars as ) , if only because this makes his character's reactions so predictable ."	1
"where as worm prefers to go the sleazy route of cheating ( hence his jail time ) , mike always takes the cards he's dealt and works with them ."	1
"surrounded by her children , she is obviously in her last hours of life ."	1
"the film starts right in the middle of the lives of four people : nick , beth , carol and sid ."	1
"on the male side , matt dillon is probably the best , giving a subtle performance that surprises with every twist ."	1
hands down to dan rosen who wrote this wild ride .	1
"although the idea of a day repeating over and over may sound tedious , there are enough good jokes to hold the audiences attention throughout the whole film ."	1
"words "" croatia "" and "" croatians "" were unheard , even in movies whose plots actually took place on croatian locations ."	1
the aboriginal priest best sums this up .	1
"though intriguing on all fronts , the film is paced at half the speed of pulp fiction , which avary co-wrote with quentin tarantino ."	1
"lucy liu as princess pei pei is given little to do in the script , but for a change does not play a nymphet or some other deviant ."	1
"he ends his prayer by saying "" . . . forgive me for surviving . """	1
"peck , with co-writer pascal bonitzer , begins at the end of the story of the young political leader ."	1
"his most recent three movies , robocop , total recall , and basic instinct , have been a progression of back-door access to american culture , moving from the fantastic through the merely psychotic to the underlying basic drives ; and now he's exploring the sleeze ."	1
"because no studio would dare fund such a film , he was forced to raise all the money himself ."	1
another of the outtakes showed bill basch saying a prayer for his dead friends at auschwitz .	1
was it any good ?	1
"the second half of the film revolves around z's kidnapping of bala , and their search for a mythical place called insectopia ."	1
not since contact have i recieved such deep insight into the way the human mind operates and never this year have i been so blown away .	1
"it's a stylish , great-looking and quirky film despite the problem narrative ."	1
"a movie that is well scripted , well acted , and well directed ."	1
"some scenes are supposed to come off as funny , but they actually seemed sad and real to life ."	1
one of the funniest scenes is when the gold diggers discover that will	1
"films which don't pretend to take themselves seriously , are based on idiotic premises and filled with dumb jokes ."	1
"the massaging sequences were strangely erotic , maybe even more so than the later actual "" love scenes , "" and as their romantic involvement quickly developed , the film was both entertaining and sweet , and there was clearly a lot of chemistry between the two ."	1
"they move from one colorful locale to another , including a nifty virtual reality room reminiscent of the holodeck from "" star trek . """	1
nothing will be lost by watching it on a television screen .	1
"if this sounds like a bizarre premise for a rock musical , take a few seconds and consider the plotlines of "" tommy "" and "" rocky horror . """	1
what a waste .	0
"the scene works not only because of its relative simplicity but also because it does not try too hard , just relying on the innate charm of the leads , allowing them to build a romantic rapport ."	0
( how disturbing is it to know that godzilla has been chosen to close the 51st cannes film festival ? )	0
"it is very important that they never go beyond their boss and do work on their own ; this , of course , is where the plot comes in ."	0
it is dogma without any of the humorous theological content .	0
"mysterty , alaska follows a handful of other characters , but none are well developed or worth mentioning ."	0
if he doesn't start making better choices fast his future films won't be so lucky .	0
"we suspect early on that it is the way to the mythical "" dryland , "" the place where trees , crops , and animals grow , and what plot there is hinges on who has enola ."	0
"the low point in the film has weaver employing a russian accent bad enough to make boris and natasha wince , while doing half-assed slapstick with a broken off penis from a statue ."	0
his path from self-vanity to self-consciousness is never fully explored .	0
it might have been a thought-provoking examination of the meeting of cultures .	0
"and we even get a small performance from that god of drill sergeants on celluloid , r . lee ermey ( from "" full metal jacket "" ) as a hired assasin squad leader who gets to say the obligatory speech about how dangerous seagal is , just for the movie trailers and for seagal's ego ."	0
"both films are modeled on dante's "" the inferno , "" of course ; "" 8mm "" makes that connection overly obvious by casting max as virgil and having him constantly tell tom that they were heading toward a meeting with the devil ."	0
"erin is a pathetically-written character ; people are getting brutally gunned down all around her , and yet , not only does this not seem to frighten her , but she finds time to remind luc that she "" isn't leaving without her story "" ."	0
but it sure is a fascinating failure .	0
"and for me , the casting choice of john travolta for this role was just plain wrong ."	0
""" i'm not enjoying this , "" the woman protests ."	0
"although such elements of john millius' screenplay do indeed have some basis in history , they harm the story of geronimo ."	0
"schwarzenegger does not deserve billing over clooney , or as much money as he got for this , but hollywood thinks he does ."	0
"one of the most disappointing and wasted opportunities in the film is the way the movie deals with the supporting characters , all of which have next to nothing to do and aren't even given multi-dimensional characters to attempt to develop ."	0
his lectures bring people interested in his adventures on isla nubla rather than his research and funding dollars are drying up .	0
"even "" volcano "" ended nicely , and that movie really sucked ."	0
it's a sad state of affairs when the back box blurb is more exciting than the movie contained within it .	0
( ugh ! )	0
but tell me this : what the heck did that pig _do_ ?	0
"those teams usually involve kids , for a very sound comedic reason : it's funnier when they screw up , and they're more sympathetic ."	0
"i stayed awake all the way through meet joe black , and i'm asking myself why ."	0
"( yeah , you and every 14-year-old boy in america . )"	0
it has the audacity to justify murder and mayhem in the name of sustaining our way of life .	0
"but with finney at the wheel , so to speak , the film rolls smoothly over these plot points--just like the gorgeous leland double-decker bus in the story ."	0
"all movies , like all school children , should be given the benefit of the doubt ."	0
"and hopefully , other horror films , such as the blair witch project and the haunting of hill house , will not be as bad as this one ."	0
but kids don't act like this .	0
rely more on actual comedy rather than strange voices and rude noises to make people laugh .	0
"( for one thing , deuce's dad is a men's room attendant ) ."	0
"lost in space , as if you really didn't know , is based on the 60's sci-fi television series of the same name ."	0
yea .	0
this goes on for the rest of the film .	0
"this is summer movie season , but that doesn't mean our movies have to be dumb . ?"	0
all of the characters are desperately underdeveloped .	0
"the water rushing towards the land is effective , but once it hits the continent , the effects turn ridiculous ."	0
it is at best intrusive and at worst annoying .	0
"however , the main problem with the film is that it never answers the most poignant question brought up : where is the heart ?"	0
"are critics so desperate for something unique that they're blind to how derivative the particular brand of "" uniqueness "" betty dolls out is ?"	0
it's no wonder that the studio is trying to sell it as a comedy !	0
the action scenes that are here are short and not very exciting .	0
"sewell , with his cockney accent and large expressive green eyes , becomes the true terror of the unholy trinity , masterminding deceitful plans behind jones' back ."	0
"you might call them the "" steven seagal/mickey rourke/jean-claude van damme/wesley snipes school of mediocre action/crime thrillers . """	0
"hopefully , the advent of summer will change that ."	0
"she seems to be limited to playing an ecstatic character that no one can relate to , and draws the attention of an audience as simply unrealistic ."	0
"already , the alien is communicating with aki through her dreams ."	0
"however , the spirit of the film takes a raunchy turn , and instead , marvin spends most of his time trying to subdue or satiate his voracious appetite and his animalistic , sexual urges ."	0
dr . d's rating : critical condition (	0
william shakespeare's romeo + juliet - the worst film ever made and a complete failure .	0
"let us hope that next year's "" a . i . """	0
`the messenger : the story of joan of arc' is an unlikely and unwelcome historical addition to the hollywood shelf .	0
why do i hate anaconda ?	0
"cindy crawford isn't black , is she ?"	0
there really isn't much of a plot here because the story moves so quickly it never takes time to explain anything .	0
although it keeps the audience distanced from the characters .	0
'original' music by don davis just repeats john williams' original themes .	0
there's no reason to waste any part of the last few days of summer inside watching this movie .	0
"in simple , the scene is earth , hundreds of years from now ."	0
"in order to keep her quiet courtney comes up with another plan and transforms geeky fern into "" vylette "" , hoping that she will also help to replace liz in the minds of the devastated students ."	0
skip _the last samurai_ unless you are a die-hard henriksen fan .	0
"things get off to a bad start right from the onset as amanda ( sarah michelle gellar ) , a young woman who runs her late family's struggling new york restaurant , runs into a mystery man who forces a bushel of crabs on her and then vansihes into thin air ."	0
"it's hard to work up much enthusiasm for this sort of joyless film-making , especially when a monster moview should make you laugh every time it makes you scream ."	0
the digital effects accompanying the sand tornado sequence are quite impressive .	0
but even the masterful sidney would not have been able to make one tough cop into a good film .	0
not that it wasn't interesting for technical reasons ; this is stop-animation that is very well done .	0
"on his quest , he embroils himself in a struggle for control at the highest levels of the french government ."	0
shakespeare in love is quite possibly the most enjoyable period piece ever made for the silver screen .	0
"the crotch humor is outpaced only by the meanness of the movie's gags -- and with unsubtle sexual innuendo dripping from every scene , how this movie earned a pg-13 rating is a mystery to me ."	0
"by the end , will the underdog overcome great odds and triumph ?"	0
but i don't believe it -- good filmmakers find ways of surprising their audiences even after people have grown attuned to their style .	0
he doesn't get a joke .	0
"the additions mainly consist of scene extensions which don't add much of note , except for a few moments which lengthen peter o'toole's screen time ( particularly during his latter appearances ) ."	0
you'll be the wiser for it .	0
"finally , and most importantly , more than 5% of the jokes have to work ."	0
"since , "" party camp , "" has practically no screenplay and there is no talent at all involved , the least the makers could have done was make it raunchy and exploitative ."	0
tarzan continues this trend .	0
"if you want to see a better film about ned kelly , catch "" mad dog morgan "" ( 76 ) , a much truer and more daring version , with dennis hopper giving a much better characterization of ned kelly's madness , something this film could only do in a ho-hum manner ."	0
"i mean , there's a reason they put these kinds of films on late at night : they're just as good as sleeping pills ."	0
"assuming it to be an intended deus-ex-machina device , it is an ineffective one because it doesn't seem to faze the characters much ."	0
"despite his sloshed viewpoint , tomas recognizes that the apple hasn't fallen very far from the tree ."	0
"hammond , however , is happier spending nights with his "" bed wench , "" the derogatory name given to female slaves used by their masters for easy sex ."	0
this film will explain again what a ronin is .	0
"early on in the movie , a number of scenes occurs in a courtroom ."	0
"regardless , if he continues on this career track , could a tv series be far behind ?"	0
"basically , "" virus "" is another one of those films where a group of people walk around and investigate a space ship/ocean liner/haunted house until the deadly and equally grotesque and slimy creature pops up and kills them one-by-one ."	0
"monkey bone he seems to be like stuart little , you really don't realize that he is animated . . . but"	0
"there are a few intense moments , as when one caller becomes frightening , but even that is rather lackluster ."	0
they return to their ship .	0
"when they let their bird do his stand-up comedy routines , the show hums and the audience roars ."	0
"i mean , man , this is the 90s , dude ."	0
i had an epiphany today .	0
"but if he continues to associate himself with projects as flat as senseless , his film career could go the way of his once-promising older brother , damon , who is now set to make his comeback--on television ."	0
"ethan rescues her by doing stunt riding on a motorcycle , using kick-boxing , winning a shootout , throwing a full john wayne supply of grenades at the terrorists , making some more use out of that peeling mask bit , and by being completely fearless and larger than life , while he kick's everyone's ass ."	0
i hate how he uses one facial expression for every single threatening and non-threatening situation ( the squint ) .	0
clich ? s are also the order of the day with mission to mars .	0
but why does batman spring a trap for freeze at a public charity event that endanger the lives of hundreds of by-standers ?	0
there is another difference here that makes an obvious impact .	0
the plot goes on for half an hour longer than it should .	0
his acting is so over-the-top that potentially fascinating villain turns into pathetic caricature of himself .	0
"karen is earnest and single-minded in her motherly devotion , but lacking any kind of edge which would make her a convincing criminal , and basinger is not a thespian adept at fleshing out flimsy material ."	0
"o a box with a big label : "" fiber optic converter """	0
it's rare to see an action flick as sluggish as this one .	0
"the main claim of the film , the special effects , are okay ."	0
"you keep waiting for a little spark , and it never happens ."	0
"when she gets parole , she's sent to a halfway house run by travis lehman ( tommy lee jones ) , a former law professor who ruined his life with a drunk driving accident ."	0
"they get strapped to chairs , a microchip is inserted into their eyes , and -- poof -- they become sex-crazed , superviolent , machine-like creatures ."	0
"useless ) advice , but he speaks so slowly as if to simulate infinite wisdom ."	0
"heck , i can do it in one sentence : giant lizard attacks a giant city and a bunch of nobodies stop it ."	0
"now , i don't know about you , but if i came upon a lifeform that viewed mankind as a virus to be eliminated , i doubt that i would attempt to reason with it ."	0
"of course , laughs trumps logic every time , and big momma's house probably still would have worked in spite of its utter disdain for common sense if it had just managed to be funny ."	0
""" it's my recipe for disaster , "" responds harry ."	0
it grows tiresome and monotonous .	0
"the same goes for aidan quinn , as a handsome police investigator , who has the misfortune of being the romantic lead opposite bullock , even though he comes into it at around the 70-minute mark , and once again , there is no attempt to develop their relationship , or his character , in any way ."	0
"together , the five descend into the bowels of the ocean , where they rendezvous with a temporary sea base on the ocean floor from which they will attempt to make first contact ."	0
"he infiltrates the underworld circles in seattle and becomes their top hitman , using his abilities to start brutal war between three major crime organisations - italians , french canadians and iranians ."	0
"the * initial * premise is pretty good and is played , for a while , at a delightfully dizzying clip ."	0
"well , "" coyote ugly "" does those films five better ( or six better if you count john goodman ) , since here we have piper perado , maria bello , tyra banks , melanie lynskey , and izabella miko doing the absolut spinning and jiggling thing while pouring pitchers of perrier all over their semi-naked torsos ."	0
"and that , my friends , is the synopsis for what is easily the most abhorrent picture of 1998 ."	0
he was a willing participant in a creative travesty .	0
"actually , get carter is a remake of the 1971 british production of the same name , starring caine in the title role ( and what with his cameo here , the cleverness is astonishing ) ."	0
"after a lifetime of movie-going , and about four years of attending the seattle international film festival , i've learned several rules which , while not absolute , should certainly be given deference to :"	0
"actually , i wished i was watching swimming to cambodia instead , but that's life ."	0
it's an unflattering role made all the more so by the unflattering outfits--and unflattering situations--into which arquette is thrust .	0
"okay , how about with this : starship troopers is one of the worst movies to hit theaters in a long time ."	0
"with a title like sw e1 : tpm , lucas has one big head on those shoulders ."	0
"when the movie starts in 1913 , he is a civilized english gentleman ( without an english accent ) , and he is to marry jane ( jane march ) in less than a week ."	0
"the briefcase stays on the run , as the movie leads the viewer through several plot twists that are badly executed ."	0
duh	0
"oh , i know , they're just action scenes looking desperately for a real story , but they're fun action scenes amongst a crowd of laughably inane concepts ."	0
this is a dreadful motion picture ? a lowbrow example of period piece comedy with terrible production values and an exceptionally poor laughs-to-jokes ratio .	0
critique : easily one of the worst movies that i've seen all year .	0
"these questions are not answered by the screenplay , but are overlooked for the sole reason of moving the plot forward ."	0
but the majority of the film is a convoluted and confusing mess .	0
the only performances worthy of notice are pat hingle and michael gough .	0
"it's not porter's single-mindedness that robs the film of snap , crackle , and pop ; as a character who has already "" died "" once , he has nothing to lose and so much to gain ."	0
its attempt to even imagine to have half a brain results in a catastrophe .	0
"sometimes i think that's why anyone goes to see pauly shore movies , ever ."	0
i have a hunch that the reason this film fizzles while the first one at least kept it's head above water is the recent absence of writer kevin williamson .	0
"but because of what this movie degenerates into , i have little or no respect , and got little or no enjoyment , out of it ."	0
"( perhaps i'm just annoyed that the release of `the peacemaker' in the us overshadowed a far superior thriller , `the assignment' . )"	0
it would be entirely accurate .	0
the most enjoyable characters are the most cartoonish .	0
it's not like the man isn't capable . . .	0
jalla ! jalla !	0
"at the end of filming , did they all scream out , "" we've made a great movie , guys ! """	0
"she appears to be in the film to merely show off her body , and be ogled at by kline and smith ."	0
meanwhile the 60 minutes team trying to do a story on fires started by cigarettes have obtained some data they do not understand .	0
"the movie doesn't have the oomph to make it a great movie , and doesn't have the script to make it a funny movie ."	0
"at least in my theater it was difficult to make out the words with the quiet speaking , the heavy accents , and the cockney language ."	0
"all in all , mortal kombat : annihilation is loud , violent , shallow , and marketed toward kids ."	0
picture perfect directed by glenn gordon caron	0
"first there is eric ( brian mccardie ) who is a former boyfriend of monica's and is just getting over the heartbreak of their relationship terminating prematurely because of his sexual performance , or lack thereof ."	0
"louise ( rebecca demornay ) , a sultry lounge singer , insinuates herself into philip's life for the purpose of swindling him , while philip's estranged brother ( and , conveniently , louise's ex-beau ) johnny ( michael madsen ) arrives on the scene ."	0
maybe he thought it would make the movie seem smarter .	0
"we never see why finn would generate this style of art , which is simultaneously crude and insightful ."	0
"getting to the latter , however , requires slogging through an increasingly overburdened and ultimately unappealing story ."	0
"in strictly textbook fashion , college sophomore and aspiring chef al ( prinze jr . ) meets freshman artist imogen ( julia stiles ) ."	0
"there are a few of each , but they're all token attempts ."	0
eric stoltz is stung by a giant wasp right in the beginning and is mercifully unconcious for the rest of the adventure .	0
i love the guy .	0
which is to say that it's happy and the guy you root for beats impossible odds to win his prize .	0
"mohr wasn't good , but he wasn't bad ."	0
aw forget it .	0
"what exactly happened to this desert world , anyway ?"	0
"the 2001 movie year has yet to provide us with a "" good "" film to sink our teeth into ."	0
"soon the army , advised by dr allison reed ( moore ) , moves in and forces kane and block out ."	0
"the three main characters here are played by claire danes , omar epps and giovanni ribisi ."	0
"dove , who is just going to retire and start family , now must confront the mad bomber ."	0
in the end the effects are the only reason to see this film in the first place .	0
""" the red violin "" is a cold , sterile feature that leaves you uninvolved and detached ."	0
"this sleazy pic , soon became grating and wore out its welcome to my unreceptive ears ."	0
"although he's impressed me with his work in other films , depp doesn't seem to know what to do with ichabod , and his dialogue is hampered by stilted diction that's supposed to pass for an 18th century accent ."	0
i also did not tense up or particularly enjoy any of its unenergetic action sequences which provided me with little more than a few minutes time to think back to the lovely salma hayek scenes .	0
there's even a narrator at the beginning setting up the movie's premise while the words scroll up the screen .	0
"sadly , his acting doesn't come close to making up for his looks ."	0
"the picture is about an emotionally guarded 5th grade history teacher ( a somewhat similarly guarded kevin spacey ) , with a burn scared face and equally singed attitude , who gives his class the seemingly impossible assignment of doing one thing over the course of the semester that will change the world ."	0
"also , apparently , the weather changes quickly in their locale : they're at this outdoor carnival one day before having sex ; the next day , they're out playing in the snow before having sex ."	0
"if the frog is in cold water which is gradually heated up , however , the frog won't move and will allow itself to be cooked ."	0
aiello's zesty performance gives harlem nights some much needed spice .	0
"peoples says that this is not a "" blade runner "" sequel , but a "" sidequel "" that takes place in the same universe ."	0
"if this life form that is so advanced as to be able to create these robotics , should it not be able to create them move faster ?"	0
"if the focus had been on people living inside these caves after the world had been destroyed , deep impact could have been a far more interesting movie ."	0
"it's obvious the writer had a good idea for a movie , mob boss faces breakdown and needs the services of a psychiatrist , but once this is established , the movie doesn't really go anywhere ."	0
there's some small comfort in knowing this early in the year that i already have one entry for my bottom 10 list .	0
"see , they spend all their time sailing around looking for dead-in-the-water ships to rescue , and then collect the reward money ."	0
"this film is the second worst carry on movie , the worst being 'carry on england' ."	0
"this hole--symbol of the solitary opening in the character's lonely , compartmented lives--allows them to interact in unusual ( and mostly non-verbal ) ways ."	0
not much makes sense .	0
"but , when darren meets an attractive , but cold-blooded and manipulative , psychiatrist , judith ( amanda peet ) , the long time friendship is placed in danger ."	0
it's probably safe to say that her day job beckons .	0
"in the best of all possible worlds , they accomplish both ."	0
"in fact , some of the bits are so laughably ludicrous that you may think you've stumbled into the sequel to mystery science theater 3000 : the movie ."	0
don't fear the rush .	0
"so the two pretend to date for some reason , but only after hart gives grenier a bath to turn him into a hunky stud ."	0
"and maybe , just maybe , they'll play in the big championship game ."	0
"now , joel schumacher has said that he refuses to bend to the masses that have hated his films and cheered for the return of buton that he wont make batman brooding and dark ."	0
a _lot_ of butt jokes .	0
the others are horrendous .	0
or even -- god help me -- palmetto .	0
"it is not a film that will get any attention for its artistic qualities , simply because it doesn't have any ."	0
"miramax "" disinvited "" on-line media from press screenings of scream 3 ."	0
you're absolutely correct !	0
"synopsis : lifelong friends rafe ( affleck ) and danny ( hartnett ) join the us air force and are stationed at pearl harbor , hawaii ."	0
"he _should_ have played the town sheriff , an experienced and somewhat intriguing policeman ."	0
"boys will be boys and some heavy duty testosterone starts exuding , then the macho one-upmanship begins ."	0
"as bad as this movie is , it does have a certain charm in isolated scenes ."	0
"now , betrayal ."	0
"my problem is that we see all of these women in the film's trailer , so why do i need to watch the movie ?"	0
"except of course , when we got to the ridiculous climax of this movie ."	0
"while many people will walk into the film expecting a big special effects fest with the asteroid blowing everything up ( as the trailers seem to promise ) , the film is actually more of a character study , if a very poor one ."	0
"but , some five or six years ago , there weren't that many movies and the trend didn't look that depressing ."	0
"woo is a spontaneous , energetic young woman who has been looking for love in all the wrong places ."	0
for completists only .	0
"the preview looked good and of course i'm crazymadinlove with alicia , but the movie was a bunch of bad jokes coming from whiny , unlikable characters ."	0
everybody is speechless when grandpa declares that he is passing down an inheritance in the amount of 100 million dollars to jimmie .	0
"i walked into "" the art of war "" expecting a good , high octane thriller , and all i got was a pile of mush ."	0
"determined to bring the killers to justice , foley realises that their leader is ellis de wald ( timothy carhart ) ."	0
you've got to marvel at how the filmmakers managed to come up with a movie that is truly about nothing .	0
the marx brothers knew it .	0
"personally , give me those cheap laughs any day ."	0
here are two examples of films that don't simply manipulate for manipulations' sake .	0
"this is a disasterously bad film , easily the worst in the series to date , and fairly epitomizes a cinematic definition of the word excessive - it's loud , garish , and obnoxious , with pointless , gratuitous action sequences and set pieces which clutter up the screen with elaborate production design to the point of overkill ."	0
it is an old plot dressed up to look new .	0
"just about the most profound thought they can inject into this film is when they have macdougal lecture baker on the semantic difference between "" entrapment "" and "" blackmail "" ."	0
you don't even need the obligatory scary music to give you a hint .	0
so why did they bring him up there to begin with ?	0
"( if someone could explain that movie to me , i'd be most grateful !"	0
"spice world is harmless entertainment suitable for the entire family , and it will please the spice faithful ."	0
"walker preserves a straight face , even when dealt the silliest dialogue in the movie ( `dad , i just killed a guy in the ritual room ! ' ) ."	0
"we do not need to be tortured , especially when you have to pay for it ."	0
the laughs ?	0
"you'd think phillipe ? and del toro are ? going to pull out guns and scare them away but they don't , instead phillipe throws one punch and the two get beat down by a mob ."	0
some bit part was done especially well or some scene managed to be funny even if the rest of the picture wasn't .	0
"let's get one thing straight : dr . theo caulder is the most blatantly incompetent psychiatrist i have ever seen , on screen or off ."	0
"it's merely that with osmosis jones , the farrellys humor is too juvenile , too predictable ."	0
"in scary movie 2 , the filmmakers take on the haunted house-ghost story format which , if you look at the grosses for such recent lame offerings as the respective remakes of the haunting and house on haunted hill , did not draw audiences nor enter the cultural psyche as did the various teen slasher series ."	0
"they have given enough background for anyone , familiar with the show or not , to understand the movie ."	0
"as he tries to persuasively make the same case all the other pimps in the film make ; that the girls need them to show them the ropes , how to make money , to be their security blankets , protectors , and counselors ."	0
they discover that an alien lifeform has arisen from the rock and is evolving at an amazing rate .	0
that is unless you count matt dillon's brother kevin as a hollywood heavy hitter .	0
"such a good cast , such a waste of their efforts ."	0
but it wasn't until the very end that i finally put my finger on why : the comedy takes its roots not from whimsical film fantasies ( such as young sherlock holmes ) but from cheesy prime-time sitcoms .	0
"even the transition process itself seems like a walk in the park . betty thomas' idea of hell is a cozy , homey place where happy alcoholics and cheerful drug addicts are not allowed to smoke , drink or watch tv after 11 ."	0
what keeps bats from being scary or creepy is the hyperactive editing in most of the attack scenes .	0
their elderly neighbors pop in for a housewarming .	0
"saving "" varsity blues "" from being a total washout are a few amusing sequences , including one set in the sex education class , which did get a laugh out of me ."	0
""" when your man messes up , no matter how small it is , "" she smugly decrees , "" yuh gots to punish him . """	0
"all of the monkeys combine their efforts , hop in a cab and take the finished product downtown to director bob clark's office ."	0
"most suspiciously , what exactly is the problem with letting this endangered race have a little fun in the sun ?"	0
"despite my original hopefulness , milla jovovich is not going to have to worry about thanking the academy ."	0
"to add to this we're shown this motley crew that at times seems to be highly skilled in specific fields , and at others seems barely capable of basic tasks ."	0
i've weasted enough time on this piece of tripe .	0
"if you're going to use slapstick like that , use it up on pee wee herman ."	0
"( "" you were going to be promoted -- but now you're not !"	0
"you'll instead entertain thoughts like "" who are these people and why should i care ? """	0
"but as a principle of life , the phrase "" play it to the bone "" are words to live by ."	0
it is this cast which lifts this ho-hum thriller into a borderline entertaining exercise in camp horror .	0
i'll stick to my day job .	0
rita pompano is called in to investigate the allegedly accidental death of . . . wait .	0
"you're watching this guy screw up time after time after time , and somehow , we're supposed to feel sorry or care about this dude ."	0
"students of computer animation may be fascinated with the technology behind "" final fantasy : the spirits within , "" but i found it sub-par across the board ."	0
at least none of the sex fanatasies ever leave the realm of the pg-rated .	0
"for the entire length of the movie , it takes place in space ."	0
"i was hoping that the movie would be packed with cool stuntwork as promoted in its trailer , but what you see there , are essentially the snippets from the two major ( and cool ) swashbuckling sequences from the film ."	0
"the movie opens as golden retriever buddy ( as himself ) escapes from his current owner , abusive clown-for-hire norm snively ( michael jeter ) ."	0
"there is , however , a lost pyramid , which i suppose is all the resource-strapped fx department could come up with ( the special effects are not worthy of a made-for-tv movie ) ."	0
"i knew i was in for trouble when , during the opening establishment shots , we see a detailed close-up of warrant officer paul brenner's ( john travolta ) military identification card and it is the wrong color ."	0
"only now , dr . claw is simply known as claw ( `one word , ' he explains , `like madonna' ) ."	0
fahdlan is chosen as the 13th and last warrior in a moment that is so desperately overacted and overdone that numerous persons at the screening i attended broke out into laughter .	0
or maybe mel graduated from the spike lee school of filmmaking .	0
not unless you want to see four uninteresting college kids run around in circles for about 90 minutes .	0
"director david lynch ( blue velvet , eraserhead , twin peaks ) was working on his biggest production to date , a mammoth undertaking filmed under trying conditions on location in mexico ."	0
"to say it more understandably , jim carrey might annoy you more , but this guy is even less funny ."	0
"meanwhile , jacques has moved to new york city , where he starts cross-dressing , calls himself jennifer , and becomes a successful counter-culture talkshow host ."	0
"i'm less inclined to look favorably upon crichton , although he has a few enjoyable titles on his resume ( jurassic park and the levinson-directed disclosure come to mind ) ."	0
"he is well worth waiting for , if you can stand an hour and half of unfunny dialogue , excruciating visual humor , old puns , ancient jokes and bad acting ."	0
"i like some of his films ( "" flatliners , "" "" a time to kill "" ) but a lot of them suck ."	0
""" in my films , "" writes director paul verhoeven ( 'basic instinct' , 'total recall' ) , "" i hold the mirror up to life . """	0
he takes a break from his vegas duties and tries to see if he can find the truth .	0
""" insurrection , "" is the type of "" safe "" sequel that will bewilder non-fans , since it is so low-tech compared to most of today's blockbuster action films ( although most of these are honestly not very good , either ) , and should disappoint the loyal trekkies , since it could have easily been better if the makers had realized that the screenplay needed to go through a few more drafts ."	0
how they are attacking and what exactly is happening remains a mystery .	0
but her character has a basic conflict between a basic decency and her love for her husband and the script should have given her more to do with that .	0
it's certainly not a bad film for kids ; i doubt joe will give them nightmares .	0
"to which i would have answered , "" if i knew , then the movie would already be over . "" )"	0
"in the rock , cage appeared to be having the time of his life jumping into the action fray for the first time ."	0
"they and best friends mona ( goldie hawn ) and griffin ( garry shandling ) are about to face marital crises in a film most well known for its torturous path to the screen , "" town and country . """	0
those who are invited are the ones that have the issues .	0
they stick out like sore thumbs because there is almost no reason to use them .	0
i guess it was all just too much because this turned out to be the biggest flop of the year and it could of been great .	0
"how the chair they're sitting on and the piano don't separate , i don't know , but this apparently isn't the kind of thing we're supposed to ask ."	0
or perhaps you would consider going diving in shark-infested waters .	0
"only a few things work here and those are a few of the performances , the writing and visual style , but the storyline and the finished product don't work as well ."	0
"when all of these bright stars come together , one would assume that the movie will have great potential to be entertaining ."	0
that's about it .	0
"if caught , they risk losing all the money , and their love ."	0
rupert everett ? !	0
"her joan is unbalanced , "" inspiring "" the troops merely by screaming stridently and waving her banner or sword over her head like a woman possessed ."	0
"there's a truism that items shown early in a movie must be used before the ending , but here they are far too obvious ."	0
jean reno needs to pick his american films a bit more carefully .	0
"and in one key scene , the yellow floppy he holds is assumed to be the right disk without checking it and is further assumed never to have been copied ."	0
"as he hears voices from his dead father , his class-divided country , and his conscience , all telling him to get revenge ."	0
"marc whines about his turbulent romance with an apparent "" 10 , "" david ( hugh panaro ) , the hunky musician from across the way ; robert whines about not being able to find the right guy ; cynthia whines about having to find a job ( horrors ) ."	0
"and then there's the whole tarzan thing , which is more than a little bit obvious through the entire film ."	0
the supporting players are given very little to do .	0
"luis then confesses his deception , leading julie to state , with great significance , "" we have something in common , we are both not to trusted . """	0
"morale was low , there being little hope for the future ."	0
the script involves formerly taboo subjects like erotic toys and sexual enhancers but otherwise the writing is not a lot different from what is shown free on television .	0
"aside from unintentionally humoring the audience , `the skulls' gets little accomplished ."	0
"mpaa rating "" r "" ( presumably for rape , language , and violence )"	0
"toward the end of the night , they pick up a teenage waitress also named annie ( sarah lassez ) , start shooting a hastily improvised sexual scene , then matty thankfully blacks out ."	0
""" blatant uninspired ripoff "" would appear more appropriate ."	0
one can only hope they were rewarded handsomely for acting in this hopelessly muddled picture .	0
and with good reason .	0
">from the press i've been seeing this film receive , it is apparent that mission to mars will be dying a quick death at the theater ."	0
"second worst , and closely related , is the screenplay ."	0
"the acting is okay , but the film suffers from every logical flaw one could think of , and features a script ( co-penned by director josef rusnak ) loaded with cliches and stock characters ."	0
"in a short amount of time , another fishing boat ( loaded with canned tuna from the u . s . and korea for some reason ) is found grounded in jamaica ."	0
"sullen , wise cogliostro and flatulating , wisecracking violator vy for spawn's attention ."	0
"it's no surprise that the movie , like the book , fades to black with a dead woman on the floor ."	0
initial scenes play like filmed line reading rehearsals .	0
"he sports the same gorton's fisherman get-up , a heavy hat and rain slicker that mask his identity , but why he's still trying to stay anonymous is a mystery this movie never solves . . ."	0
"compare his dialogue in the terminator series to the load of nonsense that streams forth in "" batman & robin "" ."	0
"bryan spicer's directing doesn't help one bit , either ."	0
""" dirty work "" , is nothing more than a sophomoric comedy about two best friends who grow up only physically ."	0
"some actual spark is generated by leslie bibb , who plays luke's longtime chum chloe , and manages to successfully pull off some convincing dramatics ."	0
"at times , the events border on the ridiculous , like the screening of the film , but they still seem in keeping with the characters and their lives ."	0
audiences at krippendorf's lectures are amazed by his findings that the shelmickedmu practice circumcision .	0
"daniel baldwin has some potential , but his character comes off as being very dense ."	0
"the sole song which is used cleverly is "" getting to know you , "" which is used as anna shows the children the great outdoors , which they have never been exposed to ."	0
this film contains the sort of logical contradictions and blatantly obvious adherence to formula that could have been eliminated had any attention been payed to the script .	0
"namely , talent !"	0
i can't even begin to start about the film's absurd plot ; but let's not get into that .	0
the usual hallmarks of this filmmaking tradition are all here .	0
"and then we come to the screenplay , which , as far as i can tell , is nearly non-existent ."	0
"on top of this , they are each given a rulebook and a key to headquarters ."	0
since when do eye flutters and nervous smiles pass for acting ?	0
it's a painful experience for anyone with a brain .	0
"i went into theater 4 at magic cinemas with the attitude that evita was going to be terribly boring and i left with happy , because i was right ."	0
the little girl is also pretty good but unfortunately her character doesn't really do all that much .	0
"locally , chairman of the board did just that ."	0
remember the simple fun of seeing a locomotive smash into railway station in the silver streak ? )	0
as the games go on greg is more and more uncomfortable and uneasy which only contributes to the mistakes he makes .	0
the central problem with meet the deedles is that it simply just isn't funny .	0
"there might as well be giant signs flashing : "" feel good now ! """	0
whilst he is cryogenically frozen .	0
""" it's a long story , "" says paulie ."	0
"betty white plays an incessantly bossy wife , and , when her hen-pecked husband finally told her off , our audience roared with laughter ."	0
but these are the least of billy's problems .	0
such a disappointment after such a brilliant start .	0
"guys , let's leave the exploring to lewis and clark , huh ?"	0
"they are all kidnapped by an african revolutionary guerilla with witch-doctor aspirations to conceal a pre-arranged arms deal , which subsequently falls through ."	0
watch stahl spoil numerous pitch meetings with smack-fueled babble !	0
">from a material standpoint , "" switchback "" is pretty empty ."	0
well arnold has completed the seemingly impossible task .	0
you'd like it to be . )	0
"in one shot , actress has cloths on , camera angle changes , actress seems to have lost clothing ."	0
"behind the wheel of a car , i was driving down a straight road in the middle of a desert ."	0
in comparing the movie and television series certain aspects of the respective media emerge .	0
"meanwhile , in an unfinished subplot , bruce ( batman's alter-ego , if you forgot ) has been dating the lovely julie madison ( the even lovlier elle macpherson ) who wants a commitment after a year but he says nothing ."	0
"also , maria pitillo , as broderick's former girlfriend , is just as useless , with a chronic disability in acting ."	0
the comedy in skin deep doesn't fare much better .	0
"repeated use is made of the "" werewolf cam "" , an infrared wolf's point-of-view approach that's interesting the first couple of times it's employed , then becomes tedious ."	0
"he is praised for some of the most important films of the previous decades , like twelve angry men , serpico or the verdict ."	0
"drawing from frederick knott's play and loosely based on hitchcock's dial m for murder , this is all-too typical of summer releases ."	0
how frustrating it must be for actors to work under these conditions .	0
"just as she makes it to the deck and picks up the bloody knife lying there , the coast guard arrives in response to a distress call her vanished husband sent ."	0
"and kids will continue to see films like spawn , simply because they are unable to differentiate what makes an imaginative , wondrous film from an insipid and wasteful one ."	0
in this case though the end credits really are the most entertaining part of the film .	0
what would inspire someone who cannot write or act to pen and star in a movie ?	0
"charlize was narrowly beat out by elizabeth berkley for the lead role in the "" movie "" , showgirls ."	0
"i do however have to give it up to james woods , the man who opens up this movie with the funniest parody of them all ( the exorcist take-off-- miss this and you've missed any reason to see the flick ) ."	0
they're on another planet that was filmed in egypt .	0
"how julia roberts is used solely as a "" puppy dog "" character , puttering around in the background while we endure the complete bitchiness of zeta-jones' character , who is not one bit funny or romantic ( two ideal ingredients in a "" romantic comedy "" ) , is also beyond me ."	0
"starring geoffrey rush , famke janssen , and chris kattan ."	0
"with all the cliches , it is only fitting the film's climax offers what is perhaps the most overused one in recent film : that of someone outrunning a fireball ."	0
"as usual , the final showdown is the film's jewel , a tour de force display of chan' s agility and grace ."	0
"sadly , it doesn't work very well ."	0
"one survivor finally does turn up , nadia ( joanna pacula ) , who informs the suicidal and stern captain ( donald sutherland ) and one of the crew , kit foster ( jamie lee curtis ) , that a mysterious alien life form hit the santi mir space station which then was transported down to the ship , taking over the minds of all of the electrical machines and thinking that humans are viruses that should be completely wiped out ."	0
"the ditzy marcie ( julie benz ) is game to go along , but the clique's final member , julie ( rebecca gayheart ) , has a guilty conscience ."	0
hc : warren fouls off a fastball .	0
"dina meyer stars as the "" bat specialist "" sheila , who is pulled from her research ( along with her annoying sidekick , played with irritating deftness by leon ) in order to help a small texas town figure out why some local citizens and animals have been chewed to death recently ."	0
"and to add insult to injury , the supposedly dead , regretfully , often turn out not to be so ."	0
i remember the first film primarily as a harrowing exercise in brutality .	0
"he spends the whole film whining about the spooky house in a tone so irritating and inappropriate , that he unintentionally begins to seem more evil than the house itself ."	0
"after all , we like to think that the right combination of talent and effort can do wonders ."	0
"although hard rain never really works from the start , i somehow felt feelings of missed opportunity when the credits filled the screen ."	0
"even with a handgun , however , he can't take out the two cops who are after him , despite having shot one of them a total of seven times ."	0
a large alien hive that our heros douse with a substance fired from large guns ?	0
"just when you thought the pointless sequel had gone the way of franchise films and direct-to-video releases , into port slams speed 2 : cruise control , the gloriously godawful follow-up to the 1994 sleeper about a bus rigged to explode if it slowed below a certain speed ."	0
"either way , little originality , very obvious computer effects , little thrills , little drama and very little entertainment value , certainly bestow the honor of one of the worst movies of the summer upon this film ."	0
the preceding has been the plot of approximately twelve thousand and six action films ; this one just happens to be called metro .	0
"this time , laura gets to stand over a fresh , shredded corpse with its entails ripped out and mutter "" this is awful . """	0
"they're joyless , perfuctory ; li's rogue chinese detective is more of a killing machine than a hero , a terminator with a black belt instead of a metal skeleton ."	0
"when his latest conquest tells him of her affection for him , his response is "" i like a lot of people . """	0
and there are some nice touches .	0
"unfortunately , the director seems to have only one priority on his mind : sprucing up the film with an assortment of fancy camera maneuvers ."	0
"i suppose this kind of movie was inevitable ; with all the teen high-school angst movies coming out , there was certainly room for a pretentious and laughable movie about a bunch of teenagers who think they're smarter and more beautiful than all the other people on earth combined ."	0
"most of this film is shot at night and with dark eerie shadows for the maximum creepy effect , and some of it works ."	0
"as she throws her hair on his bare chest , she demands he pull it ."	0
"veteran director john frankenheimer ( ronin ( 7 . 5/10 ) ,"	0
"it begins in a new york city bloomingdale's , a product placement that rivals cast away's fedex for sheer blatancy ."	0
""" alcohol and drugs = bad ."	0
"this was a flat presentation , hardly touching an emotional button on what all the fuss was about over ned kelly's call for justice ."	0
""" batman and robin "" is 126 minutes of lavish sets , flashy costumes and big , confusing fight scenes with barely a hint of substance ."	0
"here he plays skeletor , the villain of the piece ."	0
"and the audience also has to suffer bobcat goldthwait ( the guy with the annoying voice in police academy 3 , if i remeber correctly . . . . )"	0
possibly the years the most anticipated film and finally it arrives here in the uk .	0
"there is another crash of lightning before lugosi returns , this time warning us , "" beware ."	0
the computer-generated werewolves look painfully unreal .	0
"and then there's christopher mcdonald , who has the capacity to be a fun , exciting actor ."	0
"the result is ugly , confusing and boring ."	0
"still , this film has a lot going for it visually ."	0
"but villard's thugs blow up the bus in an attempt to free their leader ( never mind that the explosion could have instead killed him ) , and because he and franklin are joined at the wrist , franklin is allowed to escape as well , but not before overhearing some important information regarding a diamond stash that -- for some reason or another -- is being hidden in a vintage roadster waiting to be auctioned off at an upcoming auto expo ."	0
"if you have to see it , please = bring ear-plugs and some aspirins ( for the vertigo ) ."	0
my guess regarding the casting of african-american smith is a simple one : the actor + a cozy summertime release = big bucks for all those involved .	0
"but when they're besieged by demented , zombie-like , body-snatching miners , they readily free the scowling ice cube since they need him for protection ."	0
"now i'm not exactly sure if each of the writers wrote their own parts separately or just tossed "" funny sketch "" ideas out there while smoking the chronic themselves , but the end result is a film that basically plays out like an extended skit on "" saturday night live "" ."	0
"sherilyn fenn contributed to this film mostly by her looks , but even the her greater effort in acting couldn't help this film ."	0
"other than director russ meyer's predilection for casting attractive large breasted women who ultimately expose the afore-mentioned anatomical areas , there is really only one other reason to recommend even taking a look at this movie ."	0
though he's leaving for a multi-week intensive writing program hosted by none other than kurt vonnegut ( okay : the ingenius vonnegut or some icky noxema spokesperson ? ) .	0
"what's funny is that the peripheral characters in the hunted are not sterotypes -- there's a nice little scene with a tokyo cabdriver , and a girl in a pachinko parlor -- but many of the main characters are unsalveageably hateful ."	0
? tis a shame that double jeopardy is an adult thriller that wouldn't fool most children .	0
"the comedy is played more in comic strip style for entertaining value than for deeper satire , as it features mostly zany sophomoric sight gags and relies heavily on special effects ."	0
"loose interpretation of one of the amendments aside , too many times in the movie i thought , "" that is * not * possible * . """	0
"i totally agree with these reviews , all right , and i hope that this piece of #$% !"	0
"sean connery stars as a harvard law professor who heads back into the courtroom , by way of the everglades , to defend a young , educated black man ( blair underwood ) ."	0
"the flubber is supposed to be flying rubber , but it seems to have a life of its own ."	0
affleck is such a puppy dog that it's impossible to believe he could survive in a harsh prison environment without becoming nearly everyone's bitch .	0
"only the space crew are given any depth , jenny lerner , leo and the president are surprisingly 2d , and we never get to know these characters ."	0
"dangerous liaisons is a great movie because the characters are all believable , and because of its masterful acting ."	0
"suvari has the doe-eyed , pretty looks as the chambermaid who has the ear of the queen , but she , too , does not have the chemistry to command the screen ."	0
apparently the filmmakers thought that putting the griswolds into las vegas would be so funny on its own that they wouldn't bother to write any jokes into the script .	0
quick cuts and pretty sunrises can't even begin to cover up this movie's flaws .	0
"oh yeah , dylan's "" knockin' on heaven's door "" and bowie's "" i'm afraid of americans "" are used here , in rather poor taste ."	0
performances are mostly sub-par with mcgowan providing only a few good moments ( compared with her excellent work in the doom generation ( 1995 ) and scream ( 1996 ) ) and gayheart making the biggest impression due to the sweet nature of her character and her obvious beauty .	0
to say that his performance is workman-like is to be generous .	0
"billed as a gay `bonnie and clyde' , this gritty film from director marcelo pi ? eyro has its only highlight in a well-designed title sequence ."	0
this movie is really stupid .	0
the full-of-life student fights stodgy establishment types .	0
i pray it was a `snatch-the-paycheck-and-run' exercise for all these actors .	0
"for some reason , the film is littered with star cameos ."	0
"and in 50 years , godzilla has maintained that degree of 'whatever' ."	0
even the usually solid paul sorvino gives a terribly over-the-top performance as . . .	0
"she is well known for her number one single "" stay ( i missed you ) "" and goofy glasses ."	0
they make a pact to steal money from the rich and give it to themselves until they earn enough money to buy a ticket to america .	0
children as pawns have become a most unwelcome clich ? in recent films .	0
"when the plot finally gets underway , there's no less than three people ( or groups ) that want him , dead or alive ."	0
one night she catches him in bed with another girl and decides to leave for san francisco .	0
"through a series of coincidences too irritating to relate , a top secret u . s . air force integrated circuit comes into his possession ."	0
"not content with the too-obvious "" heathers "" heisting , the filmmakers proceed to lift freely from a staggering variety of sources , including "" carrie "" , "" bride of frankenstein "" , "" blue velvet "" , and even shaw's pygmalion , itself recently remade as "" she's all that "" ."	0
after watching this movie you will never be able to sit through another one of his reviews where he gives a movie a thumbs down for bad writing with a straight face .	0
"it appears the twenty-eight year old is not happy with her slow progression up the company ladder , and her love life apparently leaves something to be desired ."	0
"for instance , van damme is introduced , and then seconds later he's running a chariot race through the streets of hong kong ."	0
"starting in the early nineties , we were subjected to nearly every conceivable combination of relationships-from-hell !"	0
"b . b . king , blues traveler , eric clapton , travis tritt , wilson pickett , erykah badu , bo diddley and steve winwood are just a sampling of the multitude of stars that make an appearance here and there ."	0
"this may be the modern restatement of the biblical prophecy from ecclesiastes , "" there's nothing new under the sun . """	0
"it's a movie that seems almost clinical , as it traces the 300-plus-years history of the legendary musical instrument of the title ."	0
the casting of high school jocks and cheerleaders as villains is beginning to wear thin .	0
that's all traditional comic book stuff .	0
"with a supporting cast of emma thompson and frank langella , the filmmakers really have to be trying hard to make a bad film ."	0
director jan de bont should try watching the orignal movie and this one back-to-back and see if he realises where he went wrong .	0
the film managed to remove all the poetry from the poets and instead concentrated on their abrasive personalities .	0
"photon cannons ? "" ."	0
"instead of using clever tricks or trying to build up to a scare - this movie just uses loud noises , sudden camera shifts and short quick bursts of gore . . . . . yawn . . . . everyone's"	0
"that aside , the various social groups he points out are general , uninteresting , and poorly-shown ."	0
"so all the lollies were gone in 15 minutes ; but however empty the bag turned out to be , it was still a long way ahead of the movie"	0
it's too much to handle in one dosage .	0
"they didn't much like each other at first ; eventually , they started to respect one another ."	0
was it a whim ?	0
but i can recognize instinct for what it is beyond my subjective admiration for the actors involved .	0
"after several misadventures in wyoming , where the duo is stunned to discover there's no surf , the brothers deedle stumble upon a routine mistaken identity plot ."	0
"he's feeling somewhat dissatisfied with his relationship with his live-in love , mary ( catherine keener ) , who holds some subconscious hostility toward the male gender ."	0
but the movie really centers around the outrageously hammy performance of jon voight .	0
"sometimes these breaks are used for chapter headings , but these are even more cryptic than the spoken words ."	0
"he usually knows exactly what to do to make a scene work , but only because he has learned it by rote ."	0
"with few exceptions , sequels tend to be worse than the films that spawned them , but the fact that "" species ii "" is a follow-up isn't the only reason it's so miserable ."	0
"that's as deep as it gets , folks ."	0
"it's pretty standard stuff , including the fact that the hotshot lawyer appears to be the only competent person on the planet who can do anything right in the courtroom ."	0
guy who also did last seduction ) red rock west .	0
"when , towards what seemed like the end of wild wild west , gordon proposes the idea of building an airplane and west rejects it , there was a collective groan among audience members : it meant we were going to have to sit through another loud action sequence before gordon builds the glider , the invention of which would inevitably lead to the proverbial whiz-bang finale ."	0
"yes , that is too true ."	0
"up to that point , all of jimmie's prior girlfriends had turned down his "" business proposition "" which i felt was good ."	0
"assuring us that , yeah , it sure is a movie , all right !"	0
a cop movie ?	0
"the next day , jakob tells the news to his closest friend , a volatile prize fighter named misha ( liev schreiber ) , who despite being sworn to secrecy passes the message along ."	0
don't think i've ever seen a cg model look so real before .	0
"it also features some truly terrible performances from lela rochon , michael wong , paul sorvino , and -- of course -- jean-claude van damme ."	0
"which brings us to the performances , of which there's nothing good that can be said ."	0
"alas , the joke--a rather lazy takeoff on _jerry_maguire_--will only strike a chord with people who have seen that film ."	0
"like any sensible wife , alex kicks zach out of the house and divorces him ."	0
"it's too bad that her role here consists of uttering lines like , "" these kids trust you , and they don't trust anyone ! """	0
"the old gang , however , wants to do one more job with their old buddy and sends a rabid richard widmark type to go and git ? im ."	0
"after some of these scenes , one has to wonder how gross the next generation of films will have to go to get an audiences attention ."	0
"but after a while , this kid becomes annoying and you just wait for the next one ."	0
"thus , ahmed becomes the "" 13th warrior . """	0
"if the central idea had been developed beyond the old man tarzan premise , then we would really have had something interesting -- a movie that doesn't rely on the strength of its actors ."	0
"life is pain , highness ."	0
"* * * * amazing , potent stuff ."	0
"jonathon brandis is a nice surprise as matthew , who agrees to dress up as a girl named martha to help out chester ( probably because the girl he has a crush on plays on the team - what original story ideas ! ) ."	0
"yes , the characters do speak , but they do not talk ."	0
"as the night goes on , he becomes increasingly annoyed and hostile ."	0
'i woke up early the day i died' is a perfectly bad film .	0
"at this point , the primary flaw in the film is that gheorghe muresan is incredibly hard to understand , particularly during his fast-paced first scene ."	0
"maybe the novel was a stinker to start with , but whatever the case , it's the writing that's clearly at fault here ."	0
"there is a scene at the club pool where all the caddies go wild for the "" hot babe "" of the movie walking by in her bikini ."	0
but this is a comedy that works only occasionally for me .	0
"all right , it is supposed to be a fast-paced entertainment film , and you're supposed to turn off your intellect ( completely ) and enjoy the action sequences and special effects ( that is , guts and gore ) ."	0
one wonders if anyone ever viewed the film's dailies .	0
"when g takes a chainsaw to the set , there's an obvious chance for murphy to be hilarious ."	0
not by a long shot .	0
"petite clone of myer's dr . evil , exactly 1/8 in size ."	0
"for some reason though , he delegates all of his main stalkings to what seems like the supporting cast of deliverance ."	0
and it hardly helps that the voice-over narration is sparse and that the dune-esque language and terminology sounds like so much gobbledegook to those unfamiliar with the book .	0
"when a crazed druggie ( jason priestley ) attacks her , he shows up for some quick butt kicking ."	0
"enough of the charade - for the most part , hudson hawk is an excruciating experience ."	0
"but no , `mission to mars' certainly isn't one large action sequence about colossal disaster ."	0
"the first being the peacemaker , a witless post-cold war george clooney vehicle , and deep impact , one of the two films of 1998 to squander the premise of earth's possible demise by a crazed meteorite ."	0
"it is only thorne-smith who seems to take her job seriously , an accomplishment which surely deserves the medal of honor ."	0
"the funniest parts are supplied by the actors , and not by the numerous failed attempts at sight gags and one-liners ."	0
.	0
"although somewhat enjoyable during parts , it's so light it could float off the screen if it wasn't just images on a reel ."	0
"based on the novel by scientology guru l . ron hubbard , battlefield earth begins and we immediately find out two pieces of key information ."	0
""" nothing "" is free , available all around the world at a location near you ."	0
her character is the only one that is at least half written and she could really have done better .	0
"the sound is terrible , and has the worst surround sound effects i've heard ."	0
"stripes isn't the playful kind of sex comedy , either ."	0
but that requires creating much more atmosphere than levinson can manage to muster .	0
"on returning from the opera one night connor is accosted by the leader of a "" terrorist "" organisation ."	0
"occasionally , between his collection of mistakes and logical irrationalities , screenwriter joe eszterhas ( the creator of some of the worst screenplays in hollywood history ) inserts some lines of deep morality , that sound something like this : "" hey , i see you ."	0
"the acting is incredibly reminiscent of fox prime-time soap operas , which no , is not a good thing ."	0
that's the essence of big daddy .	0
"joan's end , ( being burned at the stake at the age of 19 ) , the frenzy ( mob rule ) and blood lust her inspiration wrought , and the death , pain , or suffering which followed her campaign all point to a devilish influence rather than a godly one ."	0
* i _really_ like sarah michelle gellar's wardrobe .	0
"if the big hit signals the future of hong kong style movies that are made for american audiences , then shoot me now ."	0
janeane garofalo in a romantic comedy -- it was a good idea a couple years ago with the truth about cats and dogs but is almost excruciating in the matchmaker .	0
"also , the obvious comparison between the appearance of cro-magnon man in prehistory and the rise of feminism in our century is about as subtle as burning a wonderbra in front of charlton heston ."	0
"however , robbin's performance is nowhere near as good as the characters he played in jacob's ladder , and the player ."	0
he comes upon a list of the people who were at the mysterious ceremony and commences to seek out each of them and kill them if they don't have what he is looking for .	0
but then quaid shows up as grimly determined fbi agent frank lacrosse .	0
it would be kind to call him bland .	0
but how do you defeat the devil ?	0
( maybe spike's flick wasn't so misguided after all ) .	0
"kevin's next case is a dream case , given to him by milton himself ( much to the chagrin to his colleagues ) , defending a triple murder suspect who has had a history of problems with the law ."	0
i don't want to be his friend but i'd like to help him .	0
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .	0
"badly put together , this movie features some decent acting , some nice cinematography and an initially interesting premise , but loses it all in a haze of plot miscues which ultimately leave you with little care for anyone ."	0
"the acting is so pitiful and the script so dull , i may have to rethink some of my opinions on how talented these actors actually are ."	0
you guessed it . . .	0
"on the other hand , mary stuart masterson ( some kind of wonderful , fried green tomatoes , benny & joon ) cast as a down-and-out stripper who has her fingers broken is quite a breath of fresh air , with just the right mix of cynicism , warmth , insecurity and humour to be the movie's only endearing character ."	0
"keanu reeves and morgan freeman acting together , the director of the fugitive ( andrew davis ) back again to give us another thriller , and the beautiful rachel stealing beauty weisz thrown in to boot ."	0
"therefore , it's with some surprise that as a big fan of the above mentioned movies i was so disappointed with pocahontas ."	0
how about the muppets ?	0
2 ) vince and cesar argue every moment possible on their trip to las vegas .	0
"when powder is born in the opening minutes of the movie , the father takes one look at him and says "" he's not my son . """	0
the casting choices aren't any better than the screenwriting decisions .	0
"tristen starts having weird dreams in which she is the blair witch , everybody starts finding these weird rune-like burn marks on their bodies , steven and erica have some highly disturbing mutual hallucinations , and everything pretty much goes to hell in a handbasket ."	0
"mcgowan manages to be upstaged by her real-life boyfriend , rocker marilyn manson , whose fifteen second role here is far more interesting than anything any of the "" real "" actors are doing ."	0
what they discover on the surface of the planet will dramatically change their lives forever ( although no one watching the film will come away profoundly affected ) .	0
penis jokes work only so many times .	0
"as a result , it's even worse than some of your better campy horror pictures ( see nightmare on elm street ) because it thinks it's about thirty times smarter than it is ."	0
the story itself is ludicrous and uninteresting and so are its elements .	0
even the lion hunts themselves are idiotic .	0
"get the picture ) don't really take to him right away , so he hits one in the face with a can and breaks a few fingers ."	0
"the characters in this drama are a mixture of simple and intellectual folk , brothers and friends , who all fall prey to the avarice of money ."	0
the second is the special effects .	0
the movie is torture to sit through .	0
so why did they hire an actor of the caliber of stoltz for what amounts to a cameo appearance ?	0
"well , this kid is the "" event film "" in my little analogy ."	0
america during the late sixties was a conflict between old style cold warriors and the new hippie lovers .	0
"the movie is almost entirely about and fully showcases the wrestlers of the wcw like diamond dallas page , goldberg , and sting ."	0
"and yet , when asked about a "" vampires "" sequel , he said he would be happy to do it ."	0
"and maybe it's the exposure to all that nasty sun that does it , but in the process normally weak , insipid lines like "" consider this a divorce , "" "" hasta la vista , baby , "" and "" you're the disease ."	0
assigned to do an evaluation on powell is a bright ( or so we are told ) young psychiatrist theo caulder ( cuba gooding jr . ) .	0
"as the movie opens , zach's wife , alex , catches him with not only his mistress but also his mistress' hairdresser ."	0
rubin and ross have some past relationship but either it's not explained or i didn't care enough at that point to remember .	0
to make a long story short-i can't believe it took a paragraph to describe the set-up for this gratuitous sequel-the trip is a disaster .	0
"however , this is negated by the fact that cale seems to get better by himself about halfway through the film , and in any event still results in zero payoff from the relationship angle ."	0
rafe goes to england to fight alongside british pilots and is seemingly killed in action .	0
"and aren't we all sick of hearing about these army "" bad boys "" and their overdone "" code of silence "" ? !"	0
big mistake .	0
"the girls accidentlly open the box ( big surprise , huh ! ) and release an evil spirit of a killer that kills the girls off one by one ( betcha didn't see that one coming ! ) ."	0
"by making explicit , what the television show left implicit , carter reveals the limits of his creativity and skill ."	0
"do a big comedy , like a remake of it's a mad , mad , mad , mad world ."	0
it starts off purposefully as a film about an innocent man seeking new thrills in a dangerous environment .	0
"ahmed , who's called "" ibn "" by the vikings , forms friendships with herger the joyous ( dennis storh ? i ) and the viking leader buliwyf ( vladimir kulich ) ."	0
"a russian mob is tossed into the plot somewhere ( how come in every hokey french import , there is a mob ? ! )"	0
"grumpy old men , it ain't ."	0
"a contemporary take on this decidedly '70s show doesn't exactly seem unwarranted , but one wonders if the mold it accumulated while waiting on the shelf didn't transform into a full-blown case of botulism ."	0
it's never a good sign that you don't realize a movie is supposed to be funny until after the movie is long over and you read it in the background material .	0
i didn't come into city of angels expecting greatness .	0
"the romantic elements are all contrived ? in fact , lady jane's presence is necessary only so she can be captured and subsequently rescued by her buff fiance ."	0
i think i'm gonna start drinking again after this lame-ass movie .	0
"madeleine stowe manages to hold her own for a while , but as the female lead in an action-thriller , she doesn't pull through sufficiently ."	0
"oteri's overly enthusiastic and continually self-congratulatory speech patterns and mannerisms were so much like portland , oregon's own manic mayor vera katz that i had to wonder if the studio wasn't poking fun at our fair town ."	0
"but before he can restore justice with his kung fu kicks , he falls in love with a mysterious beauty ."	0
"there's a vague attempt to humanize li by having him fall in love with a downtrodden prostitute , whose daughter is being held hostage , for some reason , by the villain ."	0
"the film depended on its cast to work fluently together , like a bunch of old friends working together in an amiable reunion ."	0
because no one demanded it : david duchovny in a romantic comedy !	0
but trouble is brewing in their small town of liberty when evil railroad baron thaddeus rains ( harris yulin ) and his cronies rollin parker ( terry o'quinn ) and allan pinkerton ( timothy dalton ) demand the boys turn over their lands to the railroads .	0
"the fault clearly lies in the screenplay , and the screenplay alone ."	0
"problem is , he doesn't have any skin , and even after three or four corpses , still doesn't get any skin ."	0
their game of love quickly turns into a violent struggle as the man starts beating the woman .	0
""" 54 "" , seems like someone brought william faulkner into 1978 , brought him into studio 54 , got him really drunk , told him to write about it , and then dumbed that down to be released to the public ."	0
"james cromwell , his father , is perfect in a short role ."	0
"if you have young kids , beware , as they may be noticeably frightened by the visuals of a corpse-rotting rasputin zombie , whose body parts continually fall off in a disconcertingly real way ."	0
"blair is forced to make jumps over other planets , and he must also fight against the kilrathi aircraft ."	0
and i wish that film-makers would use commandments as a blueprint on how _not_ to do it .	0
"the old gang , however , wants to do one more job with their old buddy and sends a rabid richard widmark type to go and git ? im ."	0
""" tarzan and the lost city "" is one of the most anemic movies to come out in quite a while ."	0
the character who turns out to be the killer seems to be selected at random .	0
"people when stood up at the altar , don't usually give third chances ."	0
"not only is it trite , it's boring ."	0
that's a concept that tsui can't seem to grasp .	0
it's as suspenseful as a leaf dropping from a tree .	0
this is not a simple plan about finding a plane load of money and getting away with the cash .	0
"george clooney has been given very little to do in batman and robin , being overshadowed by the villains , and consequently he looks rather uncomfortable in the film ."	0
"while batman and robin was hardly a ride of pulse-pounding excitement , i must admit that i was not bored watching it , although i did glance at my watch repeatedly through the screening - my attention was kept through anticipation of the utterance of yet another terrible pun or one-liner , and by awaiting yet another scene to fall flat ."	0
"the plot is even similar to that of "" grumpy old men "" in that lemmon and matthau's mismatched characters are brought together by a romance between their children ."	0
""" feel bad now ! """	0
"with rumours circulating of a new six hour mini-series planned by production company new amsterdam entertainment in 1998 , it is unlikely that we have heard the last of the dune saga ."	0
life has become a routine of sunning himself and relaxing .	0
"to return the favour , barney switches his results of aptitude test with fred , and , based on that , fred gets well-paid job in management ."	0
"composer joseph vitarelli provides a score full of whimsical woodwinds , turning seth's sacrilegious mission into an amusing lark ; quinn's performance as seth is all wild-eyed fervor without any genuine pain ."	0
""" know ye not that they which run in a race run all , but one receiveth the prize ?"	0
"betty thomas worked wonders with "" the brady bunch movie "" , but the same sitcom-airiness doesn't quite work here ."	0
- this film seems longer at 95 minutes most two-hour films .	0
"on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , "" glitter "" is a pathetic 1 ."	0
"the soundtrack , consisting of songs by prince , was jarring ."	0
"eddie murphy plays g , a robed nomadic pilgrim wandering the land enjoying the moment and spreading his spiritual message ."	0
"some may argue that the movie has a message , but all that came across to me is that i could probably get more entertainment watching that informercial with the guy in the question mark coat ."	0
"the actors were all adequate enough in their roles , but the problem didn't lie in the acting ."	0
"soon this robot , called andrew ( robin williams ) shows abilities that makes his owner mr . martin ( sam neill ) very curious ."	0
at other times his music is unbearably over-dramatic .	0
"at first the movie seems to be an attempt to string along scenes with the sole purpose of out-doing the previous in how "" cute "" it can be ."	0
the rest of actors are most un-noteworthy .	0
what's worse is that the movie is haphazardly glued together by two characters who are neither interesting nor sympathetic -- the ridiculous story requires them to do unbelievable things in the interest of reaching a dark conclusion in a sudden rain storm .	0
"as in , there isn't any to be had for the audience ."	0
the current whiz-quiz-kid is stanley spector ( jeremy blackman in his film debut ) who is tired of the pressure of performing and is willing to call it quits .	0
"sourabaya and its surrounding islands and volcanoes may have their charm , but mean nothing once the film fails to capture the essence of an epic , which is what victory deserves to be ."	0
it's pretty bad when even tim allen is pitiful .	0
"but , the result was extremely disappointing film , which quickly sank into well-deserved oblivion ."	0
"at 87 minutes it seemed overlong , like a snl skit on steroids , and at any length it seemed unfunny ."	0
"as expected , the odd couple of franklin and james do wind up friends at the end , which is another wasted element seeing as how they show no signs of becoming friends at any point along the way ."	0
any other .	0
"here's a movie where every joke that is executed as it is set up , where you see every punchline coming , where every spot profanity could be used and then is used ."	0
cinematographer ivan bird uses a lot of half lit scenes .	0
"as always he does a decent job , as does sam neill ."	0
"a big , fat and expensive clich ? ."	0
"dreyfuss and elfman , and many of the contrived and insulting scenes , add up to a picture that is anything but boring ."	0
"alexandre dumas meets hong kong action with newcomer justin chambers reprising the oft-played character of dashing swordsman d'artagnon in director peter hyam's adventure "" the musketeer . """	0
charlie's angels starts off with a bang and ends up being a soggy burrito left out overnight .	0
two sub plots are of little help to the already problematic film .	0
"the tone in skin deep is all wrong ; edwards treats a very serious issue far too lightly , making a joke out of a problem that is no joking matter ."	0
"to tell the truth , i enjoyed portions of this movie , but i liked it a lot better over 30 years ago when it was called "" 2001 "" ."	0
"i found myself rather bored with this film , which will disappoint both sci-fi/horror fans and fans of henstridge and lambert ."	0
"as always , jacobi's acting is impeccable , but the movie tries hard and succeeds at being unentertaining and opaque ."	0
it's the same thing that has been told and told and told over and over again as if it was the revelation of the century .	0
"then again , sir roger has assigned the dimwits fancey and jock strapp aswell as the old dithering constable ( kenneth connor ) to keep an eye on their prisoner !"	0
"at first , i did find myself chuckling heartily at a couple of little jokes , but when the movie got rolling , my interest suddenly stopped ."	0
"the film itself feels like a rehab program , whining and moaning about things that have been said and written a million times ."	0
"but this fast-paced , razor-sharp turning of events doesn't leave much time to enjoy the surprises ."	0
he spends his days hanging out with his friends at pubs and girlie bars .	0
( note : older boys are more likely to be dazzled by theron's colourful array of tank tops . )	0
but that 15 seconds isn't worth sitting through the other 90 minutes .	0
a gang of jellyfish kills one of the navy personnel .	0
a black comedy set in the near future in a boarding house run by a depraved butcher .	0
co-screenwriter akiva goldsman also wrote the screenplay for 1997's batman & robin .	0
these people like jerry lewis .	0
"mrs . balbricker is a gruff , no-holds-barred , overwight woman who will not stand for any foolishness , and , in one particularly embarrassing scene for all involved , honeywell has sex with a coach and barks like a dog ."	0
what's that ?	0
"liam neeson once again gets wrapped up in a film without any depth , but at least the phantom menace was exciting and had some depth ."	0
"now i have to admit , the trailer for this rock-opera-turned-major motion picture is almost breath-taking for some ."	0
and not intelligent because it lacks a story .	0
"look , i'm 19 years old ."	0
"but as soon as a body turns up and claire has given the authorities reason enough to believe her claims , "" in dreams "" trades in its nifty supernatural chills for a long series of allegedly spooky jolts that simply refuse to make sense ."	0
"anyway after cindy gets blown out of the window of her house , without getting so much as a scratch i might add , she is placed into protective police custody under the watchful eve of william baldwin ."	0
"( airplane ! , naked gun . )"	0
"and big fat snails ! """	0
"he wants to show everything in a weird manner , and forgets what the scenes are supposed to be about ."	0
"broderick is pretty useless as the hero , with no humour or a 'tough guy' image ."	0
"the filmmakers would have been better off making jericho a strong , confident character ( like the terminator , for example ) , the likes of which schwarzenegger has excelled in before ."	0
i am not a big fan of musicals on the big screen .	0
some of the scenes would work if this were a comedy .	0
"it's only a week before the famous geyser old faithful celebrates its one billionth birthday , and the park is being overrun with prairie dogs ."	0
"she treats the pedestrian screenplay better than it deserves to be treated , injecting martha ( poorly written though she may be ) with a little empathy to level out the psycho-playing field ."	0
"the political skulduggery involving the emperor , the spacing guild , the bene gesserits and the two warring houses is far better explained ."	0
"this mawkish show cuts back to monica , who has a life-or-death decision to make ."	0
they find out that there is a movie based on the comic book that is based on them being made in hollywood .	0
"well , its main problem is that it's simply too jumbled ."	0
and he got second billing !	0
"i love to see movies about hollywood shenanigans , but this one bites the big one ."	0
"i didn't get her name , but hopefully my son did . """	0
"we see no atrocities being committed , not even any real battle footage ."	0
"the ship picks up a distress call from a nearby planet and , on arrival , picks up one survivor from an apparent accident in an abandoned mining colony ."	0
worse still is an almost total lack of action throughout the whole movie .	0
the less said about alicia silverstone's performance the better .	0
basically the plot is straight from a b-movie from the 50s : aliens come to earth and we wonder if they're hostile or peaceful .	0
"the extraterrestrials breed and gestate like those from the alien series , and their craft looks like a leftover set piece from independence day . &nbsp ;"	0
"and the plot is right out of "" aliens "" ."	0
"wynn , who thinks he is in league with the double-dealing clown , recognizes spawn as a threat and undergoes an operation where a bomb is placed on his heart -- when it stops beating , major cities around the world will detonate , causing the leak of a disease that "" makes the ebola virus look like a skin rash . """	0
"instead of giving the sequence a knowing wink-a reference to the graduate , a hint that paul is becoming an overly-sensitive clich-heckerling plays it deadly straight ."	0
"it anatomizes urban life in modern taiwan , in the manner of antonioni , elaborating the alienation that the westernized white-collar middle-class feel as their lives are shaped by old-fashioned roles--dedicated career men , loyal housewives--that they find unfulfilling ."	0
"so he checks himself out of the hospital , and heads straight to medical school ."	0
scenes like the one with roper and his new partner are at the horse track roper is a gambler who knows all the tricks and roper teaches his partner a few little methods of betting and winning .	0
"because there would be no movie , that+s why ."	0
( even the star trek movies dropped the numbers from their titles after star trek vi . )	0
"boy , was i wrong !"	0
not just one or two . . . thousands of them .	0
do i recommend the movie ?	0
"one , these characters have very little to say that's engaging or interesting ."	0
"by pure luck , they get to the island ."	0
"now despite the different facial features members of this alien race seem to have , travolta just looks like travolta ."	0
"there's nothing here that differentiates "" quest "" from something you'd see on any given saturday morning cartoon -- subpar animation , instantly forgettable songs , poorly-integrated computerized footage ."	0
"natalie portman is plagued by hideous costumes and a poor script , but she delivers a spunky performance ."	0
ebert had tried to inject as many big words as possible into the dialogue .	0
humanities quest for knowledge never ends .	0
"the plot is pretty much what we expect : the big dinosaur-like creature comes out of the water and starts smashing new york city , and it's up to our heroes to figure out why this thing is on its rampage and how it can be stopped , while the military makes futile attempts to bring the creature down ."	0
"writer-director victor mignatti's "" very romantic comedy "" ( as the ad campaign states ) is supposed to be ( pardon the pun ) a gay ol' romp , but it's hard to have much fun with these annoying , self-absorbed characters and their shallow personal problems : marc and cynthia have sitcom-level domestic "" crises "" ( such as trying to kill bugs--how hilarious ) ; robert and marc go to acting class ( how riveting ) ; the zaftig cynthia goes on eating binges ( how original ) ."	0
"if it was from ridley , than the movie would be a thoughtful suspensor with action thrown in ."	0
"a totally ridiculous plot is encompassed with bad humor , hokey drama , zero logic and a crap screenplay ."	0
star wars : ? episode i -- the phantom menace ( 1999 )	0
new leader runs family differently from previous leader .	0
"but if that's the best part of the movie , i can't in good conscience recommend it ."	0
forsythe's lame performance and corny dialogue makes his character unbearable .	0
"( "" honey , you just had a miscarriage out in the woods and got medical attention at a hospital that looks like it belongs in a bad slasher movie ."	0
""" osmosis jones "" will probably be ok for the kids , but the farrellys playing for the family audience is like watching marilyn manson croon a phil collins tune ."	0
"as for the two new griswold kids , the word "" blah "" comes to mind ."	0
most of the other jokes are straight forward high school humor that anyone who has ever been to high school can appreciate and will enjoy .	0
he was alone in a world where he didn't know who to trust and it came across real well .	0
"i am not too fond of ted turner's world championship wrestling , however , and i am even less fond of it now after seeing this ridiculous excuse for a wrestling movie tonight ."	0
i can see this film turning into the next rocky horror picture show .	0
"bad boys is a dry run -- and overlong , too , clocking in at just over two hours with a lot more by-play than i felt could be justified ."	0
"this time around , the story plays out like a cross between enemy mine , braveheart , and project x . marky mark wahlberg , who was enjoyable in boogie nights and the corrupter , plays leo davidson , a hot shot u . s . air force pilot ."	0
a slightly crazed cop ( tom atkins ) and the requisite girl with the face of an angel ( jill whitlow ) join these two geeky university students ( jason lively and steve marshall ) to do battle with the slugs .	0
"it relies on a contrived minor character to tell both mother and daughter what was obvious to do in order to straighten out their dysfunctional lives , as for some reason they couldn't figure it out for themselves ."	0
"with love on his mind , sherman is determined to rid himself of his alter ego , buddy love from the first professor , who still resides with vigor inside his psyche and causes sherman to act like a bad imitation of vince vaughn from swingers ."	0
"last year peter hyams gave us "" the relic "" ; no thanks necessary there ."	0
"an awful movie on all counts , my suggestion is to bring back buffy and bury this group of incompetent , rude vampire slayers ."	0
the scene where two of the characters break into a funeral home to view the body of their recently killed friend is suppose to be scary and dramatic but features some of the dumbest dialogue i have witnessed .	0
"aiding and abetting is the team's shady mentor , played in an excellent-but-so- what performance by morgan freeman ."	0
"claire is one strained speech after another , written delivered with all of the energy and spontenaity of a dmv clerk ."	0
this is not a movie that i can easily review .	0
do some police academy sequel ( imagine that . )	0
"woo has run this peeling mask routine into the ground , as it is used so often in this film by both sides , so much so , that it blurs any ethical character differences between good guy or villain ."	0
"some of sonia's baby steps toward liberation , such as indulging in a non-kosher egg roll in chinatown , come off as silly ."	0
that your most meaningful relationships are being formed on the net ?	0
leguizamo's turn as vinnie is annoying and whiny .	0
half of the scenes seem to occur for no reason .	0
"i have always been a fan of director neil jordan , from his early work , such as 1984's "" the company of wolves , "" to 1992's "" the crying game , "" and 1994's "" interview with a vampire . """	0
"he is also a huge fan of steven spielberg and coincidentally , so is dawson leery on tv's "" dawson's creek "" , a show kevin created ."	0
"unfortunately , even he's not enough to save this convoluted mess , as all the characters don't do much apart from occupying screen time ."	0
"and , amusingly , the highway is spotted with people in u-haul trucks ."	0
"and , like the losers that they are , they fail to do either for much of the film ."	0
the film opens with a woman ( played by laura harring ) about to be killed in a car when a car crash saves her life .	0
"of course , he's the star , and we're supposed to root for him and all , so he makes all the villains unbelievably stupid and a bunch of jerks ."	0
"i'm more inclined to point my finger at robert pucci's script , which doesn't seem to be in tune to the way normal people act ."	0
"out of sight director steven sorderbergh baffles the hell out of us all in the limey , a cold , uninvolving , confusing new thriller ."	0
"this ludicrously long epic was directed by andy tennant , whose last film was ever after , one of my favorites of 1998 ."	0
it just stays static as the fight happens in the distance .	0
"the technical side of the film is peerless , as always ."	0
"a blond , gorgeous woman challenges the social laws of a bunch of people in gaudy brown wigs ."	0
"three-quarters of the way through the show , while you're probably waiting for the next scene in a bar where robicheaux contemplates succumbing to the temptation of the whiskey bottle , getting drunk and beating up someone or getting beaten up , you'll want to beat on him a little yourself ."	0
this is a shame because the film features an outstanding performance by nick nolte .	0
"there's a scene somewhere in this film where one of the characters reads the book "" screenwriting made easy . """	0
"like most action movies , the star often takes a licking but keeps on ticking ."	0
"he has a mad crush on pretty scientist brenda ( joely fisher ) , who has stumbled upon a new wave of technology involving the interaction of human tissue and electronics ."	0
there was one scene that should have been short . . .	0
"avoid this would-be sci-fi thriller , unless you're in for a good laugh or two ."	0
"seen now , it does not seem provocative ."	0
fields !	0
"ricci , for example , plays a prostitute ."	0
"it's such a trite , stereotypical script that i imagine the actors that were cast ( noticing that they're all predominantly tv figures ) were probably the only ones they could get !"	0
"before long , she's also been reduced to shin-high figurine status , and the plastic incarnations of these one-time lunatic lovebirds hit the road to scope out some potential new human bodies ."	0
martin vailwhere are you ?	0
in fact you know everything that is going to happen during this movie .	0
"while emmerich's previous summer flick , independence day ( 1996 ) had wisecracks and action from jeff goldblum and will smith , this has neither ."	0
"the office bad boy , sam ( kevin bacon ) , who wouldn't give kate the time of day , now does ."	0
"ok , so "" never been kissed "" is not a sociological expose of today's high school scene ."	0
"extras include jessica simpson's music video for "" where you are "" , a commercial for the film's soundtrack ( which by the way is the only good thing about the film ) , the original theatrical trailer and five tv spots , trailers for other fox releases ( anna and the king , anywhere but here , the beach , drive me crazy , ever after , romeo + juliet , simply irresistible ) , as well as that new fox promo touting their upcoming dvd releases that i really enjoy ."	0
"in one truly hilarious scene , which was supposed to be the ultimate dramatic high point , jericho screams to the devil ; "" you are a @#$^% ! &"	0
"written by randy turgeon , january 22 , 1998"	0
i won't lie - this is definitely a guilty pleasure .	0
"i vaguely recall brad rowe as the sensitive one , only because his character gets the worst lines ( "" sex without love equals violence "" ) ."	0
"for instance , after successfully using a chainsaw to cut a hole in a door so that a group of people can escape noxious gases - she stands in the middle of the opening for about five minutes till someone reminds her that the people can't get ut till she get's the chainsaw out of their faces . . . . bang"	0
"i recognize knock off for its irrefutable badness , but i can't deny it's zany , useless charm ."	0
"and her pamela isley scenes are marred by sub-snl standard "" acting "" , as if she's reading off cue cards and is about to laugh at any given moment ."	0
"for much of its target audience , college age to early thirties , it attempts to show celebrities mixing with "" normal people . """	0
the film itself was even more convincing .	0
"joe gets a job and ultimately botches things ; he and mary bicker ; they make up , only to have the pattern repeat itself ."	0
there's a chance for some smart satire on small town obsessions but the humor here is decidedly lowbrow .	0
"van damme is true to laughable form , perhaps even worse than usual ."	0
the cinematography by gary b . kibbe is probably the film's greatest achievement .	0
"russell plays todd , a human trained from birth in the ways of waging war and becoming emotionally distanced from the carnage he has wrought ."	0
"she'd like to be a reporter herself , and when godzilla comes ashore , she figures this is her big break ."	0
"but it sounded promising : the same tag-team of star will smith and director barry sonnenfeld , who both contributed to make men in black such a financial success , is at the reins again ."	0
"also used as reference , was iceberg slim's best-seller pimp , the story of my life ."	0
the colorado daily said the film would have been more interesting if the central character was will robinson and not his father john robinson .	0
"with anastasia , fox has gone so far as to throw all facts completely out the window ."	0
"at this point , 100 , 000 women don wedding gowns and head off to persuade jimmie to pick them to be his bride ."	0
"william katt and p . j . soles ( students in carrie ) are liz's distraught parents , jeff conaway ( from grease ( 1978 ) ) is julie's creepy single dad and carol kane ( the frightened babysitter in when a stranger calls ( 1979 ) ) camps it up as principal miss sherman ."	0
"kidnap affleck because he used to be a security guard at the casino , force him to tell you where all the doors in the place are , then dress up in santa suits , create some "" diversions "" and rob the place ."	0
the special effects are mediocre .	0
"she says , "" kiss me , kenny , "" and he kisses the body on the bed , which happens to be a cadaver ."	0
"based on a series of comic books , "" virus "" concerns the crew of an ocean salvage tugboat , which becomes extremely damaged during a violent typhoon ."	0
"on the other hand , stephie is convinced that she is vulnerable to crime when the two venture out of their usual locations in search of the party that they just can't find ."	0
that's why this review will be short .	0
but part of it is taking everything that happens to you and learning from it .	0
not a good choice .	0
they're on cable tv : a couple of documentaries produced by e ! and vh1 .	0
they break up into pairs and investigate .	0
it's there .	0
"both of them plod through the below standard plot , knowing that there is a pay cheque waiting at the end ."	0
this is the worse spielberg film spielberg never made .	0
wh : thanks for the advice .	0
""" mafia ! "" - crime isn't a funny business by homer yen ( c ) 1998"	0
"frivilous dialogue , a predictable , flat storyline , and two-dimensional characters make money talks a reason to save your money ."	0
johnny mnemonic is an awesomely bad movie .	0
"this isn't the first time he has adapted a tv show for the big screen ( the addams family , anyone ? ) , but it's the first big stinker of his career as a director ."	0
ashley is a prison groupie who sends nick many cheesecake photos of her though she's never seen one picture of him .	0
"and of course , these aliens from mars who facilitated the evolution of life on earth are entirely different from the aliens in "" 2001 "" who facilitated the evolution of life on earth ; those aliens were from an * unknown * world ."	0
there are stunts that are fun to watch : the opening sequence has melvin and two of his partners going in to kill some guy who has nothing to do with the story .	0
"we meet tristen and steven , a young couple who are writing a book about the blair witch experience ."	0
"vince is convinced that he sees jesus on a regular basis , cesar yells at the sky in spanish when he is angry , and grace tries to sell her inventions to hotel owner robert wagner ."	0
"i was heavily awaiting "" 54 , "" not the least because i've become fascinated with the infamous club , which has been the subject of an engrossing documentary that's been running all summer on vh1 , which is , weirdly enough , much more intriguing and engrossing than this "" edgy "" film ."	0
"in order to give the film some emotional heft , there are several subplots designed to tug at our heartstrings or give us the thrill of . . . yawn , excuse me , dramatic tension ."	0
what does it matter who is guilty of what and why ?	0
the stranded astronaut theme is reminiscent of robinson crusoe on mars .	0
"the plot stumbles along at an uneven speed , sometimes dwelling too long on a particular development ( amanda suddenly becoming a great chef , her falling in love with tom , etc . ) , sometimes moving on too quickly for its own good ."	0
"his friend maxim , age 9 , said that he thought it was good but very silly and parts did not make sense ."	0
but `the bachelor' falls far short of the requirements .	0
"still , there are few nicely tense moments ( maybe the only in the movie ) during the time-frame involving a fuel leak ."	0
""" lost in space "" is the latest such offering - a film so poor it would be twice as good if it were mediocre ."	0
"calling himself john smith , the man decides that there is money to be made from the conflict , and hires himself out as an enforcer to doyle's side ."	0
"then there's the erotic content , which nearly earned the film an nc-17 , for a sexless , badly edited , poorly lit menage-a-trois ."	0
"the pod crashes on firorina 161 , a prison planet designed to house the incurably criminally violent ."	0
any film that can have a two ton lizard slipping on gum balls has got to be envisioned under the influence of prozac .	0
"the film opens with dizzying speed , perhaps with the hope that a befuddled audience is its best bet for success ."	0
"the raja hurls forks at foes , the shoveler hits them with a shovel , and mr . furious just yells at people ( stiller is doing essentially the same character he played in a guest appearance on "" friends "" ) ."	0
and seeing three guys in three-piece suits goofily dancing around with poker faces can only be funny for so long .	0
"they're so desperate for another movie , they ran out of ideas and used a monkey !"	0
they do plently of cheap special effects on the boat voyage .	0
"rated r , this film contains lots of violence , several gory scenes , and a couple nubile , horny teenagers--though the sex act itself is always thwarted ."	0
"to be honest , the film is basically an excuse to flash frontal nudity and show some sex scenes ."	0
"butler gets the larger portion of bad dialogue ; every time her character kills someone , she has a punchline that's unbelievably inane ."	0
"like sidney lumet's "" the offence "" or michael mann's "" manhunter , "" "" the cell "" could have explored how the madness of the killer brings out a repressed darkness in the investigator ."	0
is it about arab mentality ?	0
"add that to lisa kudrow , boring us with yet another one of her patented "" dumb blonde "" routines , but this time , dressed in sexier outfits ."	0
"it's a great moral , with a great cast , just not much substance to back it up ."	0
not all scorn should be heaped on schumacher though -- akiva goldsman should not be allowed to write ever again .	0
"for instance , vincent gardenia's talents are wasted in his role as the fatherly bartender ."	0
"it wouldn't have redeemed the film , but at least it would have made me feel better ."	0
"their minds begin to bleed together at one point in the movie , and this should have provided an opportunity to discover the dark corners of catharine's own psyche ."	0
my giant runs too long even at just 1 : 37 .	0
"so , the brave good guys ( lambert and henstridge ) go after him ."	0
"the supporting character nolan was a highlight , though he reminded me a bit of kevin in "" you've got mail "" ( see footnotes ) ."	0
"in fact , he sets a ridiculously elaborate trap for tango and cash , a trap which sends the two detectives to prison so they can be beaten and electrocuted by some meanies in the boiler room ."	0
"not only are the characters needlessly complex , but the once-simple plot becomes so convoluted that the actual theft of christmas seems like an afterthought ."	0
epinions . com ?	0
"every scene with caan's character exemplifies this perfectly - the kidnappers already know who he is and even chat with him , getting into conversations about "" the business "" and how it works and we're hardly given a clue as to what they're talking about ."	0
these two seasoned veterans carry their scenes with a dignity sorely lacking from the rest of the film .	0
"the ad campaign uses two things to sell this movie : the hot , young cast and the old standby , sex ."	0
these days the lack of originality in hollywood reflects itself in the deluge of remakes .	0
"however , i doubt that people are going to be very nostalgic about the hollywood products of that period ."	0
"and so , the movie continues until its painfully obvious conclusion ."	0
"there's also a mystery brunette ( melinda mcgraw ) and an assassination subplot involving the u . n . secretary general , but like any of it matters ."	0
mulholland drive spoiler warning .	0
"extracting the tv part of the movie , you have the simple plotline : man steals brother's girlfriend , girlfriend leaves town , man gets new slut girlfriend to feel like he can move on , slut breaks up with him , real girlfriend comes back , and voila , you have a romance ."	0
"the above is already a longer plot synopsis than i usually give in my reviews , but , ironically , i have barely scratched the surface ."	0
they meticulously go through all the files and revisit all the old witnesses ( i wonder if any of them might be cranky old women who slam the door in their faces ? ) and in the course of their relentlessy tedious sleuthing uncover obvious evidence confirming the hurricane's innocence that was either ignored or never seeked out during the first two proceedings .	0
"the editing is also pretty shoddy in this movie , the dialogue banal and stilted and the plot problems . . . plentiful !"	0
by robbing billions from his own government and using the funds to out-terrorize terrorists .	0
no one is holding her grandmother hostage .	0
in his first scene he is supposed to be about 19 years old .	0
"on the flip side , tom sizemore just phones in his performance as a police lieutenant , but his role is so thankless that it's hard to imagine it being played any more effectively ."	0
"after 1993's "" falling down , "" i hoped that joel schumacher would mature into a great director ."	0
"ryan's catcher ( matthew lillard , playing himself again ) is on hand to tell ryan to "" play catch "" with him and make fun of the fat fetish guy ."	0
jason lee was born in the state of california in the year of 1971 .	0
caulder starts out doing the evaluation merely for the purpose of furthering his career .	0
"instead of the blackmailers , harry finds a dying ex-cop ( m ."	0
"without a character who changes in any appreciable way , the basketball diaries rapidly degenerates into a collection of crimes committed by jim and his strung-out cohorts , all choreographed to an oppressively loud soundtrack ."	0
"other than these , the english patient is full of worthless scenes of boredom and wastes entirely too much film ."	0
"tim burton has now completed his evolution from the brilliant director of macabre stories about outcast individuals yearning for acceptance , and into a studio monkey whose name is used as part of multi-tiered marketing materials for crap movies ."	0
it's a waste of time and money .	0
"yes , incredible as it seems , the bugs actually kill with cosmic farts ."	0
"red herrings , dead plot threads , violence , and kinky sexuality litter the movie like potholes in manhattan streets ."	0
"in smaller subplots , there's a pointless bit about people who are flying over l . a . ( the city in the film , by the way ) , one who's playing cards and married to a boring non-acting husband ( you think this one can go nowhere ?"	0
the cast is better than it should be .	0
"but when the two of them were together , it looked like a mismatch ."	0
"i'd say it pretty accurately represents the towering flood of the last two years worth of disaster movies , which are getting more irwin allen- esque with every release ."	0
"offered as counterpoint--or perhaps relief--to these dreary sequences are a series of musical numbers , fantasies in which the woman lip-synchs to pop songs by grace chan ( popular , so i'm told , in 1950s' china ) ."	0
""" heartbreakers "" reeks of that stagnant mentality , from its lingering shots of jennifer love hewitt's vah-vah-voom breasts to its leaden screenplay , which paints women as haughty schemers and men as drooling buffoons too sex-obsessed to realize they are being manipulated ."	0
"there are a handful of striking visual moments in the film , including an attack by a swarm of giant robotic bees and a nice shot of steed and peel finding a way to walk on water , but the film is so unremittingly dull that even these instances fail to stir interest or raise pulse rates ."	0
"now , our big burly hero is taking over as chief of his smokejumpers association , replacing outgoing honcho wynt perkins ( real actor scott glenn ) ."	0
"this is most glaringly brought to point by the appearance of alicia silverstone's batgirl , who just happens to be alfred's niece ."	0
"yes , she proved herself talented in "" scream , "" but she's so bad in "" the doom generation "" that if i had not seen her in "" scream , "" i would have christened her one of the worst actresses working in films today ."	0
"the director also tries to do the best he can with the muddled material , but all he could come up with is plenty of slo-mo action , some fast-motion fight scenes and lots of smoke everywhere ."	0
"most of the time it is a pompous soap opera , filled with empty dialogue that the actors deliver in a high pitched voice and "" meaningful "" winks ."	0
to assess alex cox's film the winner as a loser would be so indolent .	0
he acts like one would expect the devil to act .	0
pulled a plot out of a hat and worked carrot top into it .	0
mars has been mostly terraformed so that humans can walk on the surface without breathing gear ( which is good for the film's budget ) .	0
"gabriel yared , who previously set the romantic moods of the english patient ( 1996 ) and city of angels ( 1998 ) with his scores , overdoes it a bit here ."	0
"but "" metro "" is one of the best action films in a while ."	0
"i must admit , in too deep does have some impressive qualities , not the least of which is it visual element ."	0
"it is offensive and plays upon outdated , adolescent stereotypes to generate laughs ."	0
the film is very polished on the technical side to be sure but it only works to undercut the story .	0
the academy award winning film had been highly acclaimed .	0
"spillane never once described hammer's physical attributes in any of the dozen books in which he appeared , so any actor could conceivably portray him ."	0
"all five of the girls have these "" spicy "" names for which they are better known than their real names ."	0
"simmons , however , discovers that his memories are fragmented , his body a creepy mess , and his wife married ."	0
dafoe - there's a bright move .	0
"good god , who rewrites these movies ?"	0
they were apparently instructed to work from the color palette of a jawbreaker and the screen is always splashed with bits of vibrant color .	0
""" grumpy old presidents , "" to that list , too . )"	0
"he's ideally suited for sarcastic men in tightly controlled situations , such as his private joker in full metal jacket or the time-bomb nebbish in short cuts ( who is every bit as superb as julianne moore in that famous scene , though no one seems to notice him ) ."	0
the three men are friends and carry a fine bond of trust and caring between them .	0
then says that it's all okay .	0
"when a character spoke , the song's volume dropped but did not disappear ."	0
then we have the cast .	0
"it doesn't help that the story , as delivered , is ridiculous ."	0
"for instance , take the subplot in which the schwimmer character has sex with the bimbo , and then feels really guilty . ?"	0
no one ever seems to find it in this piece of junk .	0
absolutely none .	0
unfortunately it doesn't get much more formulaic than one tough cop .	0
"he tries to offshoot this with flashy camera techniques , but pretty soon this has no effect on the audience , and i quickly got bored ."	0
everything else i said was just padding .	0
"but , still the part is under written in such a way that even a poor performance would not have affected it ."	0
mayhem then ensues as the bad and the good guys chase each other with mr . magoo frequently oblivious to the fact that anyone is being chased .	0
is there anybody out there ?	0
"coupled with the copious amounts of scantily clad coeds running around , and the introduction of a little exploitation into the proceedings should be a relatively easy task ."	0
"burton however concentrates far too much on the atmosphere , and how to make the main characters heroes ."	0
as well she should .	0
kim basinger also provided extra publicity by quitting the lead role and being sued for the breech of contract .	0
the one problem is that pollak does not deliver one funny line .	0
note : look for george clooney in a supporting role as one of the actors on the film .	0
"there is , in fact , no doubt about who this motion picture is aimed at : movie-goers in their late teens and early twenties -- the most lucrative target group ."	0
"that day dutifully presents all the clich ? s : we-lei becomes absorbed in his career , indulges in an affair with a co-worker ; jia-li feels restless and trapped , bound by a choice she made while young , but which no longer seems wise ."	0
"and indeed , i laughed at a few stand-up scenes here , but from a feature-length movie i expect more ."	0
"and now that the studio is suffering through a very public protest against the film by the parents of real-life bubble boy david philip vetter , maybe disney's wondering the same thing ."	0
"all the while , the actors and actresses spout off bad lines , and main brunette male does his best keanu reeves imitation ."	0
"his token freeway chase is ok , but the director has more fun with a vertiginous ending ala ( most recently ) fatal analysis ."	0
you'll hear a lot from other critics about the look and feel of this movie .	0
"moore is totally wasted , her clumsy shtick getting very old , very fast ."	0
i sure hope not .	0
"sadly , the mostly-misfired toilet humor , overly comical musical score ( by bruce broughton ) , and sugar coated sentiments ( all the key ingredients of a "" family comedy "" ) just aren't the right tone for this film ."	0
"meanwhile , elisabeth shue gives a goofy performance , behaving like a vamp on nitrous oxide ."	0
"the first hour of the film , though , was actually quite engaging ."	0
"he is promptly removed from the case , but this conflict of interest doesn't keep him from offering pursuit ."	0
"however , when asked how he learned the language , he goes into this explanation of how he started picking up words from late-night kung-fu films , and soon gained mastery ."	0
"for the makers of body count , however , thanksgiving is a time for multiple murders , violence , profanity , family dysfunction , and sex ."	0
the reliable douglas is particularly wasted .	0
"al simmons ( michael jai white ) , a government agent/assassin shares the love of his wife , wanda ( theresa russell ) and daughter , has a tongue-in-cheek , wiseass partner , terry ( d . b sweeney ) and is content with the job his boss , jason wynn ( martin sheen ) , provides him ."	0
penny does about a minute and a half of the detective work her character did every week in the cartoon .	0
.	0
perhaps the worst example of this is when the group of merry men encounter a man playing a macaulay culkin clone from the hit movie home alone .	0
sort of . . .	0
the standard formula for a movie like speechless would have the two principles starting out as antagonists and realizing only at the end that they're crazy about each other .	0
"and when the action goes sour , what is there left to enjoy ?"	0
"after being shot , handcuffed , and thrown in the back seat of a car , she still manages to cause an accident , kick out the windshield with her legs , grab a suitcase full of money ( plus some important documentation ) , climb through the rubble , land on her shot leg , and still succeed at running for safety ."	0
.	0
"whether it was william getting drunk and signing along to heavy metal songs or kenny proclaiming "" yo , i gotta have sex tonight ! "" ,"	0
"when julie lays blissfully unaware in a tanning bed , giving him a perfect chance to wreak vengeance once and for all , what does he do ?"	0
not the whole story but no big context clues .	0
hard rains continuos corniness and lack of originality washes out whatever hope the script may have had ; and although its cast is somewhat appealing most of its stars act well below par .	0
"not exactly a meaningful contribution to society , as far as i'm concerned ."	0
the bad news is that her part is confined to the first half .	0
"christopher young's emotionless score for the film has a single trait , ear-shattering loudness ."	0
"the assembled press audience mostly sat stonily silent throughout the entire film , with the one big exception being a big laugh near the end ."	0
"the script by bruce joel rubin and michael tolkin is horribly simple , and never really makes any interesting statements ."	0
"there's also an interesting subplot revolving around danny's father ( brian cox ) , but it doesn't have much to do with the main story ."	0
""" the animal "" is a marginally inspired comedy that only manages to lumber along , generating just enough momentum to keep it from stalling ."	0
"the film is done in by its ham-fisted script as the story , adapted from carl friedman's book "" the shovel and the loom , "" goes from one false note to another until it gets lost in all the goo of its sentimentality ."	0
"so , he overrides the boat's computer , convinces the crew to abandon ship , and sends the remaining passengers , those who couldn't evacuate in time , on a col- lision course with destiny ."	0
he films action sequences with a minimum of quick cutting which i like considering that nowadays action scenes are commonly comprised of millisecond flash cuts strung together and laid out for a brain-zapped mtv audience to pick apart .	0
in sexy beast even the plot twists have gray beards .	0
"although there is a * lot * of violence in this movie , not to mention mutilation and some bloody tussles with alligators , i recommend this movie to most over-18s who need some therapeutic mindless action to get over the weirdness of fargo or the hangover effect of leaving las vegas ."	0
"as the names of the not-so-talented film crew scrolled by at the end , joseph scales came up , credited as being "" assistsant to foley artist . """	0
"and just when you thought joblo was getting a little soft around the corners , not rating anything lower than your standard "" this movie sucks "" , along comes this cinematic atrocity and he's forced to take out his secret weapon and spray it with a stench so thick , even the bravest movie-goer would think twice about seeing this waste of time ."	0
"if you're searching for an enjoyable romantic-comedy , you could do far better than this obvious , misguided failure that shows a blatant disregard for what it's trying to present ."	0
"it's not simply idiotic , it's contemptuous of its audience ."	0
his performance is at least part of what makes his character seem so incapable of being a shrink .	0
hurlyburly is based on a stage play and that is evident from the moment the film starts .	0
over and over .	0
the law of crowd pleasing romantic movies states that the two leads must end up together by film's end .	0
sue's eventual fate is an admission by director katt shea and writer rafael moreu that they had an interesting character but couldn't figure out what to do with her .	0
"by the time we get to the final showdown , with lambert getting to wield his own sword ( which , judging from the ham-handed editing of one scene , was forged in seven hours or so ) , we no longer care ."	0
even the plane crash is sorely lacking in tension .	0
"setting the main plot in motion , mrs . hogget and babe travel to the unnamed city and shack up with a sweet lady who just happens to love to help animals , despite the law that you cannot keep them in hotels ."	0
"it's a veritable "" alpha centuri 90210 "" as we watch the love-smitten teens squabble in the name of love ."	0
bilko is played with finesse and full-force by the renowned comedian .	0
"i suppose this free-wheeling , no plot style is supposed to give the film an element of danger and excitment , but all it did was make me sleepy ."	0
"here , in 8mm , he's boring , uninteresting and has a dull monotonous voice ."	0
"glenn close , however , has no problems establishing a distinct personality ."	0
only schwarzenegger's cop attached to an anti-terrorist unit can stop him .	0
"showgirls was a failure , but it appears that , though it'll be lucky to make near its budget , this movie will still do okay gross-wise ."	0
"the jokes that make you laugh , however , do not outnumber the film's many duds ."	0
"wh : it's nice to see old friends one more time , isn't it ?"	0
"wigand's severance agreement swears him to secrecy about anything he knows about tobacco dealings , but he is reluctantly he stretches the severance terms ."	0
humans either work as slave labor in mining operations or live as barbarians .	0
there are too many gaping craters in the plot and you just aren't sure if it's comedy or hokey drama .	0
kids are supposed to rally around this guy ?	0
the trouble is that these jokes aren't bold or funny enough to drive a movie that bumbles along without much sense of direction .	0
"it's the year 2058 , and earth's precious resources are quickly being usurped by the needs of its massive population ."	0
it's just like that .	0
"whoo hoo , that helps , thanks a bunch , case closed ."	0
( followed by a mandy moore-esque tune background )	0
but most of it is just outright silly .	0
"a soothsayer says that thirteen warriors must answer the summons , twelve northmen and one outsider ."	0
"in protecting lee , arnold is framed by the mentor-turned-evil robert deguerin , nicely played by james caan , and ends up having to prove that he isn't the one killing the programme's witnesses in addition to making sure lee isn't accidentally torpedo-ed to death by the new , green guns his enemies all have ."	0
"if there is in fact an "" austin powers 3 "" , they should just kill off secret agent powers and put the emphasis on dr . evil and mini-me ."	0
"however , neither threat generates much suspense ."	0
"well , won't ."	0
the millenium approaches .	0
* the acting is truly bad .	0
`bats' is an insulting slap across the face for any dedicated horror movie fan .	0
"the early april release date is too mistimed to capitalize on the movie's christmas setting , and the los angeles/las vegas nightlife is something too far from the mainstream for most theater-goers to attach themselves to ."	0
is this the end of a powerful action star's long-lived career ?	0
"when paul asks harry why he stayed , he says with grim determination , "" cause this town's in trouble and i'm the best man you've got . """	0
tells me this movie is terrible .	0
a fine example of this difference can be found by examining a couple of jackie chan's films . .	0
"the story is told in flashback , flashback within flashback , and flashback within flashback within flashback ."	0
this time karen's teenage daughter dies of a crack overdose and kersey is forced to return to his old vigilante ways .	0
"on its surface , it appears to be a kid's film ."	0
but i had preserved a little spark of ope as i entered the theatre .	0
"the two sequels haven't just been stale , but their humor quotient has been abysmally low ."	0
one of the stranded is a colorado state highway patrolman ( adam beach ) who discovers a murder scene and a bag full of cash from a recent bank robbery .	0
""" summer catch "" certainly won't help his case ."	0
"it is an extraordinarily ordinary romance - a dull , unattractive teen comedy that sticks to the boring game plan that we're accustomed to ."	0
here is where the film took a wrong turn .	0
"between script references to their business and shots of signs and stickers bearing their company name , i couldn't keep count of all the plugs ."	0
a confrontation .	0
"( and yes , there are the obligatory cracks from the cops about how at least he died happy ."	0
"2 . they have better and younger talent , performers and wrestlers ."	0
"only for die-hard creature feature fans , this might be fun if you could check your brain at the door ."	0
and the fault does not rest with the actors .	0
directed by : christian duguay	0
ain't they a pair ?	0
"there's no humor to be found anywhere in "" tomb raider , "" even though it tries hard from time to time ."	0
had they replaced all the fancy gizmos with dollar bills they would have wound up with the same effect .	0
also odd is the obvious dubbing .	0
"cusack is fine and beckinsale , at least , isn't saddled with another lumbering , clunky screenplay ( she's had bad luck , what with brokedown palace and pearl harbor on her resume ) , just an inanely pointless one ."	0
we see him throwing himself wildly around a padded room ; we see him cowering naked in a shower stall as a fire hose is turned on him .	0
this is an animated film from czechoslovakia that is definitely not for kids .	0
"but uma makes the most of her seductive character , getting the right point between hamminess and seductiveness ."	0
"your shirt , man ! )"	0
two men messily eat fast food as their septic truck leaks raw sewage directly behind them .	0
"i was originally excited about this story element until i saw the movie , where it came off as maudlin ."	0
"call me crazy , but you shouldn't have to do research on a movie to enjoy it ."	0
the least the filmmakers could have done was to make the movie just a little scary .	0
"this is a family seemingly conceived in heaven , but living in south philadelphia , sending their children to a well-run catholic school ."	0
"take the professional , for example ."	0
"well , anyway ."	0
"admittedly there are a few humorous sexual puns in the film , but there's no chemistry and the repartee is anything but clever ."	0
in a matter of days he will lose it all .	0
"anyway , to conclude this all , to judge one of seagal's movies is to judge all of them ( except for "" under siege "" and "" executive decision , "" though the latter is not really a "" seagal movie "" ) ."	0
as with any david lynch film there is strange material added for little reason .	0
the dumb bimbo's the good guy .	0
"as with any gen-x mtv movie ( like last year's dead man on campus ) , the movie is marketed for a primarily male audience as indicated by its main selling points : sex and football ."	0
her fits of frenzy are energetic enough but the quieter moments are less successful .	0
"as a result , he goes to the police to report her missing ."	0
it's got a head start in this movie starring jamie lee curtis and another baldwin brother ( william this time ) in a story regarding a crew of a tugboat that comes across a deserted russian tech ship that has a strangeness to it when they kick the power back on .	0
fight scenes are quick and senseless and offers no enjoyment value whatsoever .	0
"and for the final blasphemy , the fight that all the fans were waiting rabidly for , the fight hyped to be the most intricate of the movie , lasted about 3 minutes and then just sort of . . . ended ."	0
"kilmer did a good job , and the cast was left to carry the movie , which they did ( even jim carrey as the riddler and i can't stand jim carrey ) , because schumaccer messed up the direction with his glitzy gotham and his awkward camera angles ."	0
or perhaps it will encourage him to spend more time perfecting a script than to worry about his directing duties .	0
"the men and women populating the picture are there to look nice , but nothing more ."	0
why ?	0
"for example , in one early scene , a museum security guard goes into a bathroom stall late at night ."	0
there was nothing here that even makes up a quality film .	0
at least the species movies hold no bones about the fact that they're exploiting the female body .	0
all of the standard tropes are here : a hard-boiled p . i .	0
"from the start the film is unclear of where its going , not developing any characters or throwing any concrete plot details across the table , constantly introducing new characters without personalities or the slightest hint of an individuality , and sub plots that have nothing to do with what seems to the main focus of the film ."	0
"* * * pretty good , bring a friend ."	0
"instead , it's merely bad in an excruciatingly boring sort of way ."	0
"pretty good premise , no ?"	0
"early in the story , his character gets knocked into a coma by a river insect and spends virtually the rest of the movie unconscious ."	0
"just like the hardest working man in show business at the push of a button , but these never cause your personal laugh-o-meter to rise above the level of mild bemusement ."	0
would people really dine in a restaurant that resembles life after death in tupac's video ?	0
she came to la without knowing anyone in the city but after two weeks when she was standing in line on hollywood boulevard an agent gave her his card .	0
"most of the dialogue is forced ( no one says , "" bite me ! """	0
"ultimately , this "" game "" is supposed to work like a crucible , trying this obscenely wealthy and emotionally detached aristocrat by fire , proving his soul ."	0
"this highly-anticipated film rendition of the cult television show was originally slotted for an early june opening , where it would have gone head-to-head against the rival studios' heavy hitters ; its eventual demotion to a less potent mid-august opening was an obvious early indication of the studio's lack of confidence with the picture ."	0
the genuinely easy and casual interactions among the actors hint that being on the set was much more interesting than what ended up on the screen	0
mona's husband phil ( fichtner ) jeckle and hydes from shirking coward to reptilian letch .	0
both go looking for the other .	0
"stick to "" tommy boy "" , and we'll all be "" friends "" ."	0
""" your voice - it's incredible , "" says another singer ."	0
"as is , however , the story and screenplay is a mess , filled with dead laughs , enough racist and sex jokes to make even will cringe as he's performing them , and a complete lack of chemistry that made the tv show work so well ."	0
"even haley joel osemt , the wunderkind who was nominated for an academy award for his unforced performance in sixth sense , seems more divisive about his expressions and inflections ."	0
"soon the three guys are dealing dope to raise funds , while avoiding the cops and rival dealer sampson simpson ( clarence williams iii ) ."	0
"in his attempts to find someone who may have been responsible for the accident , holm interviews the grieving parents , as well as the sole surviving passenger , a teenage girl , which starts to remind him of his own teenage daughter , a young drug-addict who has run away from home ."	0
"oh stinky movie , let me count thee ways . . ."	0
"in my opinion , a movie reviewer's most important task is to offer an explanation for his opinion ."	0
"in the film , johnson plays . . ."	0
and there are lots of issues that we'd like to know more about .	0
1998 so far has been one of the worst years in recent memory for summer blockbusters . ?	0
"humans now live as cavemen or slave labor , and for the film's first act we focus on one particular cavemen group outside of denver , colorado ."	0
"there's no sweat-inducing motion of the ocean here-- just two hours of shaky handheld camera work and a handful of cross-cut exteriors , all leading up to the big slam , when the love boat sideswipes an oil tanker and then plows into a harbor town ."	0
""" con air "" ) ."	0
the film opens with emily ( paltrow ) and david ( viggo mortensen ) 'having fun' in an loft apartment .	0
"the plot isn't particularly interesting in the first place : traditional , mildly hackneyed and not very involving ."	0
the two detectives reluctantly become partners after they are framed for murder and have to break out of prison to clear their names .	0
"jack douglas is not so annoying but is more boring , joan sims and peter butterworth are wasted , and kenneth connor and kenneth williams put in some poor performances as leyland and emile ."	0
"bruce willis is the bad guy , the jackal , a legendary killer for hire ."	0
then finally after being painfully restored - the new crew views the video .	0
"the movie doesn't focus too closely on webb's romance , it also continues the owens subplot with probably the most memorable scene in the entire movie , where webb forces his platoon to spend the entire night searching the ground for a flea owens killed during one of their drills ."	0
and it would help if those comic exaggerations were somehow . . .	0
what hath kevin williamson wrought ?	0
fern's rise to popularity is equally lame .	0
"boy , sounds like a real comedy vehicle , doesn't it ?"	0
"such a protest seemed like just the sort of thing that would , of course , only add more fuel to the farrelly brothers' fire , proving that some people just couldn't take a joke , and that the farrellys would be helping the more enlightened viewers to yet another dose of their brilliantly subversive comedy ."	0
"trust me , i'm not revealing anything by telling you pryce turns out to be a villain ."	0
"various scenes of sneaking and skulking seem to take forever , and some end with no reason evident why they didn't end up on the cutting room floor ."	0
"the production values are high , as one expects from a big budget hollywood film ."	0
the camera operation is also the worst i've ever seen in my entire life .	0
"and since they are more or less the highlight of the film , there are far better choices out there if you want a scary movie to curl up with your sweetheart to watch ."	0
"by the fifth or sixth time , it's worn out its welcome ."	0
when the daughter stands up to the bully at school .	0
and all of his female characters have considerably more lipstick than brains .	0
"and , wonder of wonders , she is also played by meg ryan ."	0
"costner and , especially , wright-penn are both likable and attractive enough to cheer for but their characters are simply too boring ."	0
his popularity has gone through the roof and he's getting his career off the ground .	0
"little known facts about this film and its stars : ironically , john travolta turned down the lead role in an officer and a gentleman , which eventually went to little dickie gere ."	0
the number of times that i checked my watch ( six ) is a clear indication that this film is not one of them .	0
witness the villain ferociously grinding his teeth at the final trial or the constant pseudo-saintliness of our four protagonists .	0
"fundamental questions in the plot like where does crow get his funding , why are the vampires in new mexico--what do they want and why do they want it , what is the connection of the vampires and the catholic church , how did crow come to be a vampire hunter and why devote his life to it ?"	0
"i mean , it's like all of those people who complained about jack nicholson being psycho from the start of the shining , well , the same goes here ."	0
i just didn't .	0
"at a desert stop for the plane-load of convicts , serial killer garland greene ( steve buscemi ) wanders of into a trailer park where he meets a little girl having a tea party in a drained swimming pool ."	0
the rich legacy of cinema has left us with certain indelible images .	0
to call this movie inept would be putting it mildly .	0
bewilderingly inane stylistic decisions plague the whole affair - one character passes a glass of cognac to another in a slow-motion close-up awash in a lot of bass .	0
this is the basic plot of 200 cigarettes .	0
"this time , unfortunately , the first comet flick is so bad that people may shy away from armageddon , the upcoming comet-disaster to be released the beginning of july ."	0
"but if you're in the mood for some good old no-brainer , fun-yet-dumb action , don't bother watching this ."	0
then there were numerous little things that bothered me .	0
the boxing scene between cesar and vince starts out very powerful and interestingly different from other boxing movies .	0
"dinosaurs ( the t . rex's have to be seen to be believed ) , there is nothing else to recommend the lost world ."	0
"for a chick flick , there is a distressing lack of chuckles ."	0
"most of the acting is fair , with the possible exception of congo's girlfriend ."	0
this was the last carry on movie ( if you discount 'carry on columbus' as a carry on movie ) and was made by a new production company .	0
"the first three films in the "" vacation "" series were written by john hughes , a talented writer who is behind several popular films of the 80's including mr ."	0
"it opens with a fun , innovative opening credits sequence and quickly goes downhill after that ."	0
"this movie is intended to make people laugh , yes , not to be voted best picture of all time by sight and sound ."	0
"like virtually everything else in the film , it's a missed opportunity ."	0
rent die hard .	0
he sleeps with these girls once and dumps them .	0
both characters are just there .	0
"neither the picture of women , nor their picture of men , is truly representative , but the point is that both sets of generalizations are telling in their own way ."	0
"if you see the film , or have seen it , you'll know what i mean ."	0
"suzy amis plays peril pretty well , but isn't given much more to do ."	0
it's really just a skit movie .	0
he hands nicholas a gift certificate and tells him to contact a company called consumer recreation services .	0
"the director of wild things is john mcnaughton , whose last effort was the finely-tuned psychological thriller , normal life ."	0
that should teach us for squishing all those bugs .	0
he does a pretty good job but i can't blame keanu reeves for declining this part .	0
"what makes "" 102 dalmatians "" such a collosal bore is its embarrassing attempts at humor ( here almost single-handedly foisted on a wisecracking macaw who thinks he's a dog , voiced by eric idle ) , its rabid plotlessness ( cruella goes after puppies again ; winds up in goo again ) and most of all , the incredibly wooden actors who plays the romantic "" heroes "" of the piece , a welshman named ioan gruffudd and the blander-than-bland alice evans as a parole officer named chlo ? ."	0
"it occurred to me then what's wrong with indies like suicide kings : i suspect o'fallon has never met a mobster , is not a rich man , doesn't deliver endless "" clever "" monologues to his friends about his favourite types of boots . . ."	0
"vonnegut's original novel is considered a classic , but it had been called unfilmable--the same that was said of hunter s . thompson's _fear_and_loathing_in_las_vegas_ , which was disastrously committed to film last year by terry gilliam ."	0
these elements ( as well as the heavy drinking and carousing ) might be more appropriate on a college campus -- but mtv's core audience is the high school demographic .	0
"it's not boring , or even blatantly awful , but it's an uninspired lump of a film ."	0
"in 1939 , walter schellenberg , one of the heads of nazi intelligence service has set up the elite , exclusive brothel in berlin with clientele comprised of top nazi officials and foreign diplomats ."	0
""" the blair witch project "" was made with a budget of $1 . 75 and exploded on the screen , raking in huge profits ."	0
so what happens when you put these two people in the same room and come out with a movie co-starring the ever-versatile lisa kudrow ?	0
it's just not funny .	0
"speaking of pitt , his ex , juliette lewis , is a weak link , either shouting her lines with ear shattering shrillness , or waddling about like a silly goose ."	0
"but is he really evil , or is he a product of society ?"	0
whatever .	0
"as soon as the relatively-brief segment on tatooine is over , it's back to the mind-numbing special effects and depthless action scenes ."	0
he figures it out in about a minute .	0
"the series has been declining since its stunning debut , followed by the almost-as-stunning sequel and then the anti-climactic third one ( first by joel ) ."	0
"this being a thriller , we know that she is , in fact , on the money , and it's a credit to bening's acting that she delves equally into claire's madness and compassion ."	0
"his performance is incredibly lazy , although his paperthin character doesn't deserve more than the performance he gives ."	0
"with the young cast , cool clothes , nice hair , and hip soundtrack , it appears that the film is geared towards the teenage mindset ."	0
"leon is mostly a collection of quirky traits , all intended to show us that for a hired killer , he's really not so bad a guy : he drinks lots of milk , takes meticulous care of a potted plant , and enjoys gene kelly movies ."	0
"add insult to injury with some of the worst stylistic choices in cinematic history ( literally half of the film is either in slow motion or uses a strobe effect ) , and acting roughly the caliber of a b . b . gun , and original sin is one of the most torturous films of the summer , definitely front running to make my bottom ten of the year ."	0
"travolta , the leverage-using star , plays terl , the conniving security chief that oversees the mining facility on earth ."	0
the film's main problem is that potter isn't skilled enough to tell the epic-sized story of suzie .	0
"the extended version , however , is a rather different beast ."	0
"now the stage is set spawn , the new `enemy of evil' vs evil ."	0
"owen wilson spends most of the film wandering the halls of the house , and the script does no justice to his wonderful comic ability ."	0
"is it any wonder douglas won't be able to resist the charms of a mysterious , potentially life-threatening blonde ( ever heard of glenn close ?"	0
why not have the bad guys be symbolic of the nazis instead of using old propaganda in a seriously disjointed attempt to show us something we already know ?	0
"toss out your usual objectivity , ignore how many times you checked your watch while viewing it , forget how unbearable it was to sit through , and find some meaningless way to compliment it ."	0
"the bottom line is that "" simply irresistible "" is the exact opposite of its deprophesized title , and when the movie got to the point where the characters began to float in mid-air ( an unamusing plot device that was repeated in the stupid last scene ) , my mind checked out from the characters and the romance ."	0
"and if they have airplanes , couldn't they just keep flying until they reached dry land ?"	0
"of course , because of the lack of written description , those who have read spillane's books will have a strong personal notion of what hammer looks like , and therefore almost any screen incarnation will somehow fall short of expectations ( spillane , who played the character himself in 1963's "" the girl hunters , "" is generally considered the best of the film hammers ) ."	0
"* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !"	0
cheesy gore .	0
it's the wild west re-visited as a date movie .	0
the warriors prepare their defenses and pray to their gods .	0
the alien is laughable .	0
their characters are cardboard cut-outs of every cliched teenager out there .	0
"the main problem with martin lawrence's pet project , a thin line between love and hate , like any fatal attraction variation where the protagonist is a man , is that his character is an irresponsible jerk , and if that is the case , it doesn't seem to do anything except justify the woman's actions ."	0
the audience has no target toward which to channel its aggression .	0
and there's no real finale .	0
"if some of this stuff sounds familiar , that's because they're all devices that have been used and reused in countless other films ."	0
"if only the remaining two hours had been crafted with such skill , perhaps this memorial day non-event would have been worth watching ."	0
it tries to be everything for everyone and ends up being nothing for no one .	0
there was probably a good reason that the warner bros . studio chose not to allow critics to view this steven seagal film when it first opened .	0
"the subject escapes from the real world and his current girlfriend , laura , and becomes addicted to virtual reality , which , due to a design flaw in his unit , recreates the dead paris ."	0
"but mediocre is better than dreadful , which this film is , thanks in no small part to the hodge's contextual frame for the romance ."	0
the film shows us two separate versions of the possible rape ( one where it is consensual the other where it is not ) and in both versions the young actress playing the possible victim gets her shirt torn off .	0
really .	0
"i'm not the biggest fan of spike lee , though i'd agree that he has done some very good work in the past ."	0
"and indeed they do ( after a hideously prolonged sequence where pitt looks over his shoulder at the retreating forlani and forlani looks over her shoulder at the retreating pitt ) , because pitt walks into the road without looking and suddenly gets squished ."	0
their result of their consecutive efforts is a murky and pointless movie .	0
much of what goes on is confusing and difficult to follow .	0
"on the charges of complete lack of objectivity , i find this film guilty ."	0
so i stayed .	0
really question future screenplays before you commit to them .	0
"he couldn't , of course , top the success and fame of big action names like sylvester stallone or arnold schwarzenegger , but sheer quantity of his films guaranteed that he was household name among shoot'em up and beat'em up genre aficionados ."	0
"( aside , club lovers will be happy to know that dance music hasn't changed in the future . )"	0
"after watching one of the "" roxbury "" skits on snl , this is what you come away with from the characters : they bob their heads to "" what is love ? "" ,"	0
"even when the plot contrivances begin to intrude , the two remain a randy dandy screen pair ."	0
take a wild guess .	0
"when the big scene comes in which lucy puts the moves on syd , her idea of a romantic line is , "" i want to get high with you . """	0
"you can make a dumb but good sci-fi film ( i love independence day for example ) , but there is absolutely nothing entertaining about battlefield earth ."	0
the reason ?	0
"in the end , if the strike does not cease , boggs will have to close down his factory , but the support of a group of women led by coote's wife-to-be and spanner's mother , agatha spanner ( renee houston ) , try to resolve the situation ."	0
what's not so good about it :	0
"by any human standard , the guy is impossibly selfless ."	0
"when i was nine , i started buying the coolest toy figures in my local department store ."	0
"a couple is doing research on a "" blair witch "" book ."	0
"rising star taye diggs plays a stereotypical african american sports figure ( rather lamely too ) , and singer lisa loeb ( ! )"	0
i'm thankful such broad cynicism isn't frequently allowed to run so rampant .	0
and i think that this type of activity hurts the movie industry let the other movies also have a chance . . . .	0
"but i am not exactly sure if boyle and company's point was romance ; honestly , i am not exactly sure what they were trying to accomplish ."	0
little do they know that this cruise ship has become infested by some kind of ocean monster .	0
the movie moves along fine and slowly builds to the climax of the wedding .	0
"quite possibly , although since i have no desire to become a model , this warning is lost on me ."	0
"leslie nielsen stars as secret agent wd-40 , who returns from retirement to battle his old nemesis , general rancor ( a cackling andy griffith ) ."	0
"most will recognize him as the high-flying robin from the two latest `batman' films , but other abilities are evident behind his boyish smile ."	0
"i'm not even talking about the couple scenes where they are terrified , that's justified ."	0
"wilder looks like he is recovering from a head injury for most of the movie , and korman looks embarrassed to be a part of the movie ."	0
"it's relatively easy to see where this 'new' story is going from the onset , yet its ultimate revelation has gaping logic holes ."	0
"but the script is so deliriously uneven , the entire movie so off course , that no human being or technical achievement has a chance to salvage it ."	0
"to be fair , however , marilyn manson's "" long hard road out of hell "" effectively compliments spawn's return to earth , while filter and the crystal method's "" ( can't you ) trip like i do "" proves a surprisingly fitting theme song ."	0
who is to blame ?	0
"you think to yourself : "" the only thing left for them to do is have a playful food-fight , "" and like clockwork , it also occurs by the end credits ."	0
the cast is just as ineffective .	0
"it's made for the gentle art-house set , those who don't want something too disturbing to think about ."	0
the camera zooms in frequently and leeringly at catherine zeta-jones's tight wardrobe .	0
"* * * pretty good , bring a friend ."	0
"i've attempted to obey this rule in recent months , but to do so would be impossible in this case ."	0
"the characters feel designed , unreal , merely shadows , with no life outside the conflict ."	0
bare breasts ?	0
"and even the special effects , seemingly the only aspect of the film the director actually cared about , are inconsistent ."	0
inspector gadget is not what i would call ideal family entertainment .	0
"with a flashy , bad wardrobe and a gold cell phone , rick is an obnoxious cop who doesn't know when to shut up ."	0
the problem we come to is that we've all seen this a few billion times before and this film doesn't break any new ground in the big-budget/hollywood/action genre .	0
the choice of casting does the film in .	0
"the lack of quality filmmaking in "" 8mm "" ( from technical to acting ) stands out even more when you consider the star , writer , and supporting cast--all reputable ."	0
"what makes the affair doubly unsatisfying , is that when conferring with honey , she finds out that he was a tiger with her in bed but refrained from having sex with her ."	0
"if at some point during hudson hawk you make the assumption that things couldn't get goofier , you'll soon be eating your words ."	0
"meanwhile each of these characters has something hidden up their collective sleeves and the double-crosses , secret love affairs and torrid pasts come as no surprise even though little of it has any relevance at all ."	0
"leading the list is the jack schmidt character , who through unexplained but presumably foul mains is already extremely wealthy when our story begins ."	0
"while she does have a fairly good size part , it is obvious that her only purpose in the movie was as eye-candy ."	0
"however , he finds a glimmer of a hope upon a visit to a local bowling alley , where he runs into an amish kid named ishmael ( randy quaid ) , who has quite the bowling arm ."	0
"finally , the film has no idea what genre to be ."	0
"the cast and acting was passable at the very least , and i think that leonardo dicaprio actually did pretty well in the role of richard ."	0
"it's beauty and natural goodness is being slowly destroyed by an uncaring mining magnate ( kris kristopherson , who constantly looks like he wants to kill his agent for getting him this role ) ."	0
"i had liked it when i saw it the first time ( * * * was my original view ) and basically saw it as a good "" escape film . """	0
"murder reunites them , as knife-wielding ghostface stalks the set of "" stab 3 "" , imitating its sadistic screenplay-and his/her/their own personal draft climaxes with sidney's death ."	0
"i didn't know the details of the story beforehand , but at least my ignorance can help others now ."	0
the griswolds are driving down the highway and holiday road ( the theme from the original vacation ) begins to play .	0
the officer wants to help change harry's flat tire and asks him to open the trunk .	0
"that staple of schlocky z-movies jeff fahey ( "" the lawnmower man "" ) plays a washed-up shakespearean actor lacking in some basic people skills ."	0
there is almost no dialogue and we learn next to nothing about these people .	0
"thanks to this movie , the public unfamiliar with computers now has a distorted viewpoint of computers and what they can do ."	0
"i'd rather think of , "" the butcher boy , "" as a brief diversion for director jordan , rather than a total misfire ."	0
"going out to investigate , luc and his team approach the famed 'face on mars' ."	0
"that's not likely to happen , though , so "" 8mm "" is indeed a scummy waste of money ."	0
here's a concept -- jean-claude van damme gets killed within the first ten minutes of the movie .	0
"a better name for this movie might've been "" wild wild waste "" ."	0
"`10 things i hate about you' actually featured characters who were more than walking flashcards , and the result was refreshing ."	0
"returning headlines michael madsen ( who reprises tough guy press lennox ) and ms . helgenberger do what they can with this goofy screenplay , but there's realistically only so much one can do with this script as a basis ."	0
i think i'd rather stare at a xeroxed envelope for two hours than try to figure out the tilt-o-whirl point of this loser film .	0
"and as expected , everyone turns the tables on poor al ."	0
i'm no prude and i admit to laughing along with everyone else at the preview screening to this sequel to the 1999 hit comedy .	0
the opening credits sequence is designed like a music video for some unknown industrial band featuring various random images from the film interspersed with other random images .	0
putting a dog in peril has become the ultimate hollywood cliche . . . . . . every	0
"he meets him , he has a weird name ( mimi seku , i think . . . or"	0
"one just has to look back on the films "" the lost boys "" , "" cousins "" ( an underrated film ) and "" the client "" to know that ."	0
"this leads to some of the worst paired acting of the me decade , and with the dialogue they're given , there's not much room for improvement ."	0
"predictably , lost and found opts for a happy ending , one that feels so sentimental , gooey , and rings so false that it sets off a siren in your head that makes you feel a bit cheated ."	0
let's pray that this is the finale in one of the worst current film series .	0
"then he meets tenley parrish ( jessica biel ) , daughter of one of the blue bloods whose lawn he manicures ."	0
"five years after his directorial debut based on stephen king's writings called the shawshank redemption ( 9/10 ) , writer/director frank darabont returns to the big screen with another prison film based on the famous scribblings of stephen king ."	0
there is a funny repertoire between arquette and a convenience store cashier played by ahmet zappa .	0
"once married , the two move to the states , but quickly thereafter , get a divorce ."	0
"hey , i thought anna was supposed to change him !"	0
"similarly while pay it forward may have its heart in the right place ( though i even doubt that , stay tuned , an explanation is forthcoming ) , it's still an unpleasantly maudlin mess ."	0
"as for nicholson , well , even the devil needs a direction to go in , and while darryl van horne is the most interesting character in the movie ( due to the grace of the screenwriter and , more importantly , nicholson's acting ) , he still can't be yanked in one direction and then another without making him a little vague ."	0
""" ghosts of mars "" is lock , laughing stock , and barrel all your standard carpenter fare : dingy interiors , cluttered exteriors , inane dialogue , lots of leather , scarred , crazed-looking aliens , and lots and lots of weaponry ."	0
"hold on , i've got to stop while these gales of laughter pass ."	0
writers : dennis feldman and jonathan hensleigh ( based on the comic book by chuck pfarrer )	0
"here , his bravado basically turns into bullyness ."	0
"capsule : combine one quart of raiders of the lost ark , a dash of a jackie chan movie ( sans jackie ) , two teaspoons of gun- and swordplay , and a dollop of cgi ."	0
"we saw the girl being born in nyc in 1979 , which seems to be the 'logical' place to look for satan according to the astrology charts of the visionaries ."	0
"most humorous is frank sivero , who plays murray , the novelist's agent ."	0
"perhaps the movie was trying to be thought provoking , and trying to avoid the 'predator' type movie it could easily have become ."	0
that this sad film made it to the silver screen should encourage plenty of aspiring screenwriters out there that there is hope after all .	0
"had terrence malick concentrated on the great performances of nolte and koteas as well as those by sean penn , woody harrelson , and john cusack , he could have made a truly great film ."	0
there are some serious problems in louis mellis's and david scinto's script that should have been caught before filming .	0
hmm .	0
"but when she sees him sweaty and shirtless , that's apparently all she needs to lose her feelings for jasper ( whose only fault seems to be a perpetual case of hat hair ) ."	0
"the special effects , such as they are , are execrable ."	0
"from "" 2001 "" , there's the rotating space station , the blinding white room ."	0
"fed up with the bs at their job ( most of it their own goddamned fault ) , woody and wesley hatch this plot about how to rob the money train ."	0
have gary sinise show up and force the two of them to participate in a poorly planned casino heist .	0
earth is at war with aliens that appear to feed on human souls .	0
"other things that bugged me about 8mm : one would be the music , if you can call it that ."	0
"despite exuding charm from every pore , there's little that pinkett smith and davidson can do to save their characters or david c . johnson's script ."	0
the love sub-plot * must * have had footage cut out .	0
"and if anyone ever questions the difference between real drama and a laughable potboiler , show them "" original sin . """	0
"more specifically , the makeup used for the transformation of a man into a werewolf ; and for the ghosts that haunt the main character ."	0
"his biggest miscue was to cast his wife , milla jovovich ( the fifth element ) in the title role ."	0
paulie runs 1 : 32 .	0
"horror is a difficult genre to pull off credibly , and a nightmare on elm street just doesn't cut it ."	0
"oh and incidentally , mrs . joblo also likened this movie to a piece of cow dung flailing in the wind , so there !"	0
"maybe the book was better , but the way it's handled here is a perfect case study in formula filmmaking guaranteed to bore ."	0
"why do sidewinder missiles , which have small explosive warheads , blow up entire buildings when they miss godzilla ?"	0
that is precisely why it's not offensive .	0
"mortensen is a little bit better , coming across as a younger douglas , but his role isn't meaty enough to show all his talent ."	0
"he was born on an ocean liner on 1/1/1900 ( uh , hence the name ) , abandoned and adopted by danny , a ship crewman ."	0
trust me .	0
the film should serve as another in the long-line of films which demonstrate that we need more intelligent films nowadays .	0
"and the first "" species "" was helmed by roger donaldson who , although certainly no genius behind the camera , had demonstrated much better judgment with his previous choice of projects ."	0
"eraser , back in 1996 , was a confused film that made no attempt at all to make sense ."	0
"making use of a cast of unusually stock characters , williamson designs an alien invasion that will not be done independence day-style but rather "" through the back door . """	0
"ditto for ribisi's ( "" saving private ryan "" ) looney loose cannon , though at least he performs with a wild-and-crazy vigor that occasionally demands attention ."	0
"branagh was also fun as the scenery-munching , over-the-top bad guy , but that's pretty much where the entertainment-buck stopped ."	0
we get betrayal for some unknown reason .	0
"anyway , some of the humans are captured by the psychlos led by terl ( john travolta ) a smarmy and opportunistic alien planning on stealing a recently discovered gold deposit ."	0
the movie was just plain trash .	0
"the "" original "" inhabitants of the earth , fairies and elves , return to populate the globe , along with their evil , mutant counterparts ."	0
"while the stories are similar , the new version adds too much to the once likable story , and throws in some weak dialogue to top it off ."	0
"these questions are just never - no , never - answered in the film ."	0
"teenager or not : you'll hate this movie , i guarantee it ."	0
"all in all , film isn't that bad , but only the hard core fans and nostalgics can find more than guilty pleasure in it ."	0
it's sad really .	0
"things happen , people move around , but even if , with the utmost effort , you were able to care about any of it , the scenes are bewildering ."	0
"i could just discount them and say , "" well , i guess they are just pansy chicken shits who are probably scared of their own shadow . """	0
"he just doesn't "" understand "" shakespeare , you will hear them say ."	0
i just saw him in get shorty the other day and thought about how perfect he was for that role .	0
"however , unlike other predictable fare in the genre-last year's "" twilight , "" for example- "" 8mm "" is especially disappointing because it could have been much more than it is ."	0
"if nothing else , it'd at least be highly entertaining for the incongruous sight of the vaguely twiggish young actress kicking butt ."	0
"the whole experience just isn't worth it unless you're so bored that you'd consider watching a "" full house "" marathon . . . or"	0
i don't think aniston is a competent enough actress to carry a movie .	0
"a sloppy version of almost stream of conciousness spirals down into an oblivion of the illusion of sex , drugs , and disco ."	0
we've all seen guys slide across the floor in slo mo while firing a gun in each hand .	0
"judging from the video box , most other movie critics agree with me ."	0
it is so full of self-parody and silly characters that you would almost believe you were watching a spoof .	0
well there goes another one .	0
"the pope orders protection of this girl , though some priests believe she ought to be killed ."	0
"the movie wasn't half bad by this time , surprisingly ."	0
"when he overhears her plans to fire him on christmas day , willard is convinced by his best friend rusty ( dave chapelle ) to kidnap crock's beloved dog and hold it for a ransom of one million dollars ."	0
or substance .	0
"ditto for max , who doesn't seem to have a life outside his friendship with 1900 ."	0
"what we need is a batman , a luke skywalker ."	0
"when third-billing goes to a two-minute appearance by famed flashdancer irene cara "" as herself , "" you can't say a damn thing about all-star casts ."	0
"when twins owner roger dorn , once again portrayed by corbin bernsen , needs a new manager for his aaa team , he offers the job to gus , who is now faced with two daunting tasks : turn the team around and groom hot prospect downtown anderson ( played by walt goggins ) for a promotion to "" the show . """	0
i guess that i was expecting the former going in .	0
"paul isn't just a nice guy , he's flawless ; consequently , he's a central character who does absolutely no growing ."	0
computer generated !	0
the film falls apart around the five-minute mark during an enormously long action sequence which must last around 20 minutes . . . or	0
you'll figure it out .	0
"the first species was a moderately-successful science fiction yarn that diverted audiences with some nifty special effects , a few well- paced action sequences , and frequent views of model-turned-actress natasha henstridge sans clothing ."	0
"sure , some of the bits are absurdly funny , including a men's room macarena joke , the appearance of an elvis impersonator on a trainload of tarheels , and an all dorothy marching band performing "" over the rainbow "" at a gay men's march ."	0
certainly i never expected a remastered print .	0
the old standbys of traditional religion and science aren't doing it for many anymore and they're looking for something else .	0
"that'll do . """	0
"sting notes are a whole lot more effective if they spring from nowhere ; here , they act as the crescendos of an incessantly nerve-jangling score ."	0
and then there's the love interest which is always pathetically tacked onto comedies like this one .	0
"little known facts about this film and its stars : during auditions for that thing you do ! , tom everett scott's first feature film role , director tom hanks was opposed to hiring tom because of the fact that scott could've passed for hanks 15 years ago ."	0
"they drag their "" human pets "" together , and in a short time both couples marry ."	0
"i've only seen a couple episodes of the late 60s tv series on which it is based , and to be honest , i didn't like it all that much ."	0
one knows fairly quickly that if things are going to work our happily for everybody certain plot contrivances have to happen .	0
"it's like a chore , a bland exercise in superhero film making ."	0
"just when she thought she was out , they keep pulling her back * in . *"	0
"but "" out to sea "" and "" the odd couple ii "" are just beating a grumpy old horse ."	0
"synopsis : a maniac , crazed by virulent microphage , slaughters more than twenty people , including a street gang and heavily-armed troops , with a small knife ."	0
"of course , the movie was made eleven years later , the gibbs three have become the lonely hearts , peter frampton is the one and only billy shears , and aside from being about a rock band , the story doesn't correlate to the song at all ."	0
"well , the effects are good , though there's hardly a studio movie with bad special effects these days so i'm not sure whether that's so remarkable an accomplishment ."	0
"so , prepare for much slaparound comedy with flying rubber hands , distended nipples , ridiculous hair and bull semen ."	0
"simply put , there is absolutely nothing new about this movie ."	0
sets .	0
the result is a character whose actions feel less like the authentic responses of an anguished man than the machinations of a high-concept movie plot .	0
one of the indicator of badness in film is the hype being remembered more than film itself .	0
"a scene where they attempt to save a comrade floating away into space also provides some tension , until you realize that the entire danger/more danger/attempted rescue sequence has absolutely nothing to do with the rest of the film ; it's just a contrived way to generate thrilling scenes ."	0
"in this 3 hour advertisement for his new hair weave , costner plays a nameless drifter who dons a long dead postal employee's uniform and gradually turns a nuked-out usa into an idealized hippy-dippy society ."	0
"both films make the mistake of adapting for the screen not only the look of their graphic counterparts , but also their monosyllabic dialogue and empty-headed character motivations ."	0
there's not one character you care about when they start shouting for no reason .	0
the film will work just as well as a silent movie .	0
"unfortunately , there are no laughs ."	0
"for example , there is a scene late in the movie in which one of the characters actually attempts to * negotiate * with the alien !"	0
"a scene like this has no purpose in the film , and it sticks out from everything else that happens ."	0
"i mean , this one bit ."	0
"if simply copying the original blues brothers wasn't bad enough , writers aykroyd and john landis dumb it down , removing any memorable characters , and replacing them with flashy , but unbelievable , magical gimmicks ."	0
no wonder this guy never got his promotion .	0
"the tv show was about an impossible mission force whose deft teamwork , orchestrated by jim phelps , allowed them to counfound evil dictators of mythic banana republics from inflicting their sordid schemes upon the world ."	0
the bonus disc with the boxed set called the nightmare series encyclopedia features about 45 minutes worth of interviews relating to the first film of the series .	0
"it pains me to write this , but scream 3's comedy is generally laughless , with the exception of well-timed performances by josh pais ( as a police detective possessed of the same personality he had as a persnickety teacher in craven's music of the heart ) , jamie kennedy ( resurrecting film geek randy for the sendoff he was denied in scream 2 ) , and parker posey ( through sheer force of will as a b-actress ) ."	0
i am a steven seagal fan .	0
"the action , however , seems more like a hodgepodge of mismatched ideas ."	0
""" you're dumb ."	0
"the difficulty with 54 , which was written and directed by mark christopher , is that his script takes no point of view ."	0
"it's new year's eve in 1981 , and monica ( martha plimpton ) is preparing her big party ."	0
at this point i'm rapidly wondering why i'm bothering with this nonsense .	0
"heck , ten times ."	0
"the supernatural parts of the film are actually interesting , especially if close attention is paid to the story developing first twenty minutes ."	0
"the twist makes sense--and helps paint a complete picture of finney's character--but the trip to get there betrays the light , airy atmosphere of what had come before ."	0
"in a few unrealistic sequences , he enlists the aid of a stranger , stacey ( kim dickens ) , to help out , but she is given very little to do overall ."	0
don't get me wrong though . . .	0
"on television , fan culture must impose its meanings on the text because there is nothing there ."	0
"but then when "" analyze this "" finally opened a few days ago , an odd thing happened ."	0
"and there's one point in the film in which he shouts , thereby defeating my hypothesis that he is vocally monotone ."	0
"in de palma's latest , he turns his attention to stanley kubrick ."	0
"having withheld sex until the honeymoon , max pretends to pass out on their wedding night ."	0
.	0
"the woman wants welles to locate the young girl in the film , hopefully to disprove that it is in fact a snuff film ."	0
"grant takes billy along on the kirbys trip , which is really an illegal gambit to save their son , that young paraglider ."	0
the best part of the film would be a close contest between the closing credits and a brief moment in the middle where the screen goes entirely white and you hope that the film has slipped and caught ablaze in the projector .	0
"but by my account , i think that my laff-o-meter only registered a few grins , one giggle , and maybe one chortle ."	0
"elena harring and particularly naomi watts are gifted actresses , effectively making the subtle switch ."	0
.	0
his relationship with kate makes no sense .	0
"like the original , taylor's character is the star of the movie ."	0
the prime minister's hideous sidekick ( darrell hammond ) brings his share of cringes as well - oh no !	0
"wait , maybe the only big laughs . . ."	0
only those who used to watch a lot of hollywood products in that period would laugh .	0
sue tells rachel that her telekinesis is a genetic disease .	0
"naturally , this talent has brought him to the attention of the federal government ."	0
"i mean , she shows off more cleavage here than a jeweler's convention ."	0
you know that as nasty as the murder suspect is he didn't actually do it .	0
"to make matter worse , the director of the movie ( christopher walken ) , a "" visionary "" who purchased the unabomber's cabin and had it moved to his backyard , is withholding the film from the studio , insisting that the first screening be held at the junket ."	0
"there should be a requirement that a potential viewer be under a certain film iq in order to see "" mission to mars . """	0
"in 1989 , director edward zwick began his career with the powerful civil war drama , "" glory , "" but since then , he has made continuous disappointments , to me at least , with 1994's "" legends of the fall , "" and 1996's "" courage under fire . """	0
"when rudy lies and cheats his way into trouble , instead of gathering support from me for him to ultimately succeed in getting the bad guys , i felt more like he was getting what he deserved and even wanted to see him fail at times ."	0
"unfortunately , when his star quarterback , lance harbor ( paul walker ) , goes down for the count , he's got to rely on the unreliable abilities of backup john moxon ( james van der beek ) ."	0
these characters are probably supposed to be great criminal sketches but they're more like ideas ripped-off from sketches found in david mamet's trash .	0
"when there weren't random scares that were there for no other reason than for the visual effect ( which wasn't that good either , trust me ) and the scare , the film was filled with drab , laughable dialogue ."	0
"the radiant blonde is rhea malroux ( elisabeth shue , ) the young wife of a very rich older man with heart problems , and she has a proposition for harry ."	0
"usual suspects , which also featured a bunch of low lives that seemed to live by a code they learned from the movies , worked to some degree because of that astonishing twist ending ."	0
"antonio bandaras is ahmed , a travelling ambassador ."	0
he is arrested and hauled into a chinese prison .	0
gotta love 'em .	0
"she also hires herself out as a bounty hunter when the price is right , posing as first a stripper and later as a prostitute ."	0
"to have this timing usurped by the brilliancy of computer generated mouths or lifelike creations of jim henson's creature shop , is a travesty ."	0
measure .	0
"they have given enough background for anyone , familiar with the show or not , to understand the movie . &nbsp ;"	0
""" the black ooze , "" and extraterrestrial , virus-like substance is threatening earth . &nbsp ;"	0
not that it doesn't try . . . it's	0
"as was amply evident after basic instinct , sharon stone can play sensual roles with great abandon ."	0
"if i were one of those arrogant critics who thinks his review has some great impact on the success or failure of certain films , i might say that i review movies that don't look particularly good because i'm doing a service to my readers by warning them against seeing it ."	0
""" there's room at the top , they are telling you still , but first you must learn how to smile as you kill , if you want to be like the folks on the hill . """	0
"plot : a separated , glamorous , hollywood couple must pretend to reunite for a press junket of the last movie that they ever shot together ."	0
( personal side note : i saw this movie on the road during a houston business trip .	0
6 : the wittiness is not witty enough .	0
"mickey rourke co-stars as one of these characters , a sort of crime boss who has something to do with running a porno web site and blackmailing a young internet tycoon ( played by alan cummings looking and acting a lot like pee wee herman ) ."	0
another thing is that this movie has sections which are painfully stretched out . . . .	0
"often similar to a little boy lost in a park that he had no right venturing into , the call of the oboe ( o toque do oboe ) is a disappointing film that seems to have wandered astray ."	0
but is it any good ?	0
one scene in particular features a certain classroom activity involving bananas and latex that is absolutely hysterical .	0
"david arquette ( scream ) takes home the prize for being able to stand out in an ensemble performance that is absolutely pathetic , and not have his brilliant acting ruined ."	0
"i think that the role opposite bean could have been better , just seemed wrong for the movie ."	0
"ladies and gentlemen , that is the movie ."	0
hollywood expects us to ignore this cynical greed as the movie scolds us about losing the true spirit of the season .	0
"so i saw "" supernova . """	0
"sorvino , in addition , deserves better than this ."	0
thank me later .	0
"as with the mission impossible films and so many other cinematic homages to the third quarter of the last century , the title makes promises that the filmmakers have no intention of honoring ."	0
i can't imagine what drew performers of their caliber to this project .	0
"interestingly , last summer's vampire actioner _blade_ was derived from a comic book , and _vampires_ from a novel , yet the latter seems more steeped in campy cheesiness than the former , a more deliberate superhero flick ."	0
it has to be .	0
"using this approach , i was right three times and wrong only once ."	0
it's * literally * like a giant recruitment film that has gone berserk .	0
too nicely .	0
"they all work for a man named paris ( avery brooks ) , who is rich , powerful , and in constant need of four sloppy hitmen ."	0
these treats are great relief from the summer heat .	0
to watch `battlefield earth' is to wallow in misery .	0
seasoned documentary director joe berlinger should know better .	0
"harrison is arrested , found guilty and sentenced to death , but escapes from a prison bus , of course , and then is pursued by a determined u . s . marshal named fergus falls ( richard crenna , unnecessarily riffing off of tommy lee jones' already smirky oscar-winning role ) ."	0
"and even if he is eliminated , what does that help ?"	0
"still in terms of crackerjack eye candy , the opening has much to cherish ."	0
"he becomes involved with simon when he is called to check out a murder scene at simon's house , where his father has apparently shot his mother in the back and then committed suicide ."	0
"captain john smith is a blond hunk who , while "" slightly "" misguided , is good at heart ."	0
"the plan he wrote was only semi-serious , but did explicitly define a team of experts who should investigate the alien ."	0
"just get a real taste of some clever , witty , risky comedy ."	0
"my point is that in fear and loathing in las vegas , director terry gilliam has made an acid movie , when i wish he would have made a mushroom movie ."	0
do we really need to see it over and over again ?	0
"the movie's main bright spot is provided by leelee sobieski as aldys , the outsider who befriends new student josie ."	0
"we , the audience , sniff something not so lustful ."	0
"but the problems in "" i , the jury "" run deeper than the technical ."	0
a plot development .	0
"sheedy is a boring non-presence on the screen , tripping through the enormous plot chasms neglected by the writer/director ( i apologize for a lack of credits ."	0
this is the kind of movie that pisses me off .	0
"but none of this movie's saving graces can it make it something i'd recommend seeing , no matter what the price of admission ."	0
having family connections doesn't entitle you to be allowed to make movies .	0
"the story , for those of you who missed childhood , is simple ."	0
"here's a rarity : a children's film that attempts to tackle a weighty subject , is there a god ?"	0
"then , once seated on the throne , he abandons her to her english captors ."	0
"here , it's mom and against wife , with jackson caught in the middle ."	0
one sexual encounter takes place outside a club on a chain link fence between the two most sensitive characters .	0
the first involves the comeuppance of lomax as a big-city trial lawyer .	0
"human patrick is given a tongue that also has a tongue within itself , and his alien form more closely resembles the alien than eve's alien body ( which ironically was designed by alien designer h . r . giger ) ."	0
there's a scene where schwarzenegger gets thrown around a room by a little old lady .	0
"the rapid-fire formula that worked so well in airplane ! , the "" police squad ! """	0
should she ignore her instincts and fall for charlie again .	0
"it's an exceptionlly well-made and intricately designed piece of flotsam , sailing around and around the middle of the ocean , going nowhere ."	0
"useless trivia--ironically , elizabeth berkley played virtuous and "" holier than thou "" jessie on the teeny-bopper tv show , "" saved by the bell "" , before breaking onto the big screen ."	0
"i know my audience had problems with the movie , because they thought it was a comedy ."	0
"some of these films are also better enjoyed with the added "" atmosphere "" of a plant called marijuana , and i can certainly see how this movie ingrains within itself some nifty visual elements , in order to jazz up that experience ."	0
you'll have much better luck finding a good spot to surf in wyoming than finding entertainment in meet the deedles .	0
have we forgotten ?	0
"while supposedly doing serious research , the group sets up a circle of surveillance cameras in the ruins of the old house in the woods and vows to stay alert all night awaiting a visitation ."	0
van damme #1 works for the russian mafia in the united states and is killed by some of their operatives .	0
steve martin is one of the funniest men alive .	0
it's almost laughable in a sadistic way to watch close walk around in costumes that seem to be pulled from the wardrobe of flash gordon .	0
"without benefit of an actual viewing , many have said that the film will , at best , suck ."	0
"this film was not as disastrous as i thought it would be , but it was pretty close ."	0
"if there's one thing i just can't stand , it's a film that oozes with sentimentality ."	0
"if there is a point to all of this , dicillo dances around it , spending his time on apparent digressions that , as it turns out , aren't digressions at all ."	0
"if you're going to make a two-hour hollywood in-joke , why bother releasing it to the general public ?"	0
"the closing argument are also sneaky and underhanded , and underscored my suspicion that the movie is manipulative and unfair ."	0
there is nothing in the story that is not predictable .	0
"spy hard achieves neither , as it borrows all of the wrong elements from the superior zucker brothers films ."	0
"back in london gang boss teddy bass ( ian mcshane , tv's lovejoy ) is planning to break into a safety deposit room in a bank and he wants gal ."	0
"along the way , there are several obligatory gunfights , explosions , and car chases , plus a literal cliffhanger inspired by "" jurassic park , "" and a completely unconvincing romance between melvin and keiko ( who looks like she's barely pushing fifteen ) ."	0
"and when sagemiller and dushku take a shower together after getting covered in paint , they're fully clothed ."	0
what does she do ?	0
"movies of this sort require a fine balance and careful tone , and the comedy is usually meant to work as catharsis for the violence ."	0
"having now seen the film , i understand why it never saw theatrical release ."	0
"ralph fiennes ( strange days , schindler's list ) gives a gripping performance as count laszlo almasy , a victim of amnesia and horrible burns after world war ii in italy ."	0
"halfway through the film , i didn't necessarily find myself enjoying the film , but it seemed like a considerable improvement on the doom generation ."	0
"it ? s an excuse to watch blood dripping from teeth , blood exploding out of eye sockets and horses necks , and most importantly , like all violent anime , it is an excuse to see animated breasts ."	0
"just think , if maybe there had been only 10 minutes of arguing about being lost , and 80 minutes of nighttime stuff ."	0
"there weren't even any stunts , which i consider slightly more exciting than pictures running around ."	0
the action scenes never rise above the ordinary and depp's woeful performance tends to smother the good-work of his comrades .	0
does anyone over the age of eight actually find bowel movements that funny ?	0
all of the sudden yamamoto ( kitano ) has a girlfriend .	0
"badly conceived and poorly executed , tarzan and the lost city appears headed for a quick trip to video store shelves ."	0
he should sue .	0
"9 : its pathetic attempt at "" improving "" on a shakespeare classic ."	0
"i could liken it to the sci-fi cheese that was the hollywood product-of-choice back in the early 80s , but that would be too much of a compliment ."	0
"because of its failure to mine deeply into the terrible realities of world war ii , _saving private ryan_ can only pan for small truths in the shallows ."	0
"based on jim schutze's novelization of a true-life event , "" bully "" charts the story of a handful of disenchanted teenagers who , in 1993 , murdered their high school bully in cold , calculated blood ."	0
"the plane nosedives into the water and sinks , but from its wreckage robicheaux rescues a little pixie-faced salvadoran girl whom he and his wife immediately decide to adopt ."	0
"i was expecting a goofy good time , complete with bad dubbing , science fair level sets and a ludicrous plot line ."	0
the film opens by introducing us to a gang of bad guys on board a mercenary ship .	0
nothing is not more .	0
that should count for something .	0
these two fascinating looks at the club and all the sordid goings-on within it show that there's still a great disco movie to be made .	0
a big house .	0
( in one unintentionally ( ? )	0
"nope , in the friday the 13th movies , you can always count on the killer taking great pride in his work ."	0
"he asks amy for it , but she left her wallet in the car as well ."	0
"and the so-called "" roller-coaster ride "" ensues ."	0
"the character relationships in "" hush "" hold a certain amount of promise , at least until their psychological impact is blown out of the water by sheer stupidity ."	0
"for that matter , they were almost nonexistent ."	0
"arriving in a barrage of hype , the blair witch project is one of the biggest box office success of the year ."	0
even the plot twists don't seem to flow well with the rest of the story .	0
yakin attempts to spice up the proceedings with a touch of magical realism--in the form of the recurring presence of sonia's long-dead brother's ghost--make the story feel even more trite than it already is .	0
"the same can be said for _what dreams may come_ , a boring , illogical , weepie-wannabe that left my senses numb ."	0
but not scary .	0
"of course , there's also the inexcusable string of crap that has carried his name ( including `snake eyes' and the notorious bomb `the bonfire of the vanities' ) . . . ."	0
"distraught , the suicidal man ( a cameo by new kid on the block donnie wahlberg ) shoots malcolm and then turns the gun on himself ."	0
but wait !	0
"is mesmerizing in its awfulness , a poorly written , haphazardly edited , and totally unfunny ( yes , it stars martin lawrence and danny devito so how could that be possible ? )"	0
i was ready to be laughing my head off the minute the credits ran .	0
"those who have been disappointed by carrey's more restrained roles in the films following the first ace ventura may be glad to see him over-acting to the best of his ability , but some may be disappointed by the fact that this sequel doesn't capture the feel of the original ."	0
"the last decent horror film was the blair witch project , and that seemed more like a snuff film than fiction ."	0
with the exception of a werewolf who adds some much needed comic relief to a few of the scenes .	0
"friday the 13th is the sort of movie that is fun to sit down and get a couple of scares from , just don't sit down expecting a whole lot ."	0
"let me give you an example : in the first scene of the movie , batman ( george clooney ) and robin ( chris o'donnell ) are summoned to a museum that has been literally turned to ice by mr . freeze ( arnold schwarzenegger ) in an attempt to steal a diamond ."	0
the best that can be said about bride of chucky is that it is sarcastic .	0
"of course , terry finds that the pills do not end up having the presumed lethal effects , and he angrily sets out to find nick in order to retrieve his watch ."	0
"as for freddie prinze jr . , an actor i ordinarily enjoy , he too is quite bad here ."	0
"after seeing the movie speed twice recently , i kept thinking that i was seeing wyatt's life pass before my eyes in real time ."	0
preposterous religious action film ( produced by the trinity broadcasting network ) about a code hidden within the text of the bible that when deciphered will lead to the end of the world ( nice of those bible authors to put a doomsday code into the most read book ever eh ? ) .	0
most of his work is done in familiar genres but in some way shows their underside .	0
"there are some truly funny moments , and if you're in a good enough mood you might get a kick out of it ."	0
they are not sure what would be worthwhile to do with their lives when they hear that a comic book with characters visually modeled on them will be adapted into a movie .	0
""" lethal weapon 2 "" ( 1989 ) is a perfect example of an action thriller that was also very , very funny ."	0
"aside from a beautiful jewel thief ( famke janssen ) and a couple of crew members , there's no one on board ."	0
"with the kid's help , he figures he can be known again , particularly at the biggest bowling tournament rapidly approaching in reno , nevada ."	0
"low brow adolescent humor can be a lot of fun , the problem with the waterboy is that it is just low brow and adolescent , there is no humor component ."	0
"it's a film noir tradition that the story twists and turns down side roads for an unexpected finale , but here the journey meanders towards an ending that no one cares about ."	0
perhaps it was because i had seen richards perform most of the same schtick a thousand times on seinfeld .	0
"problems problems problems , where to begin ?"	0
"they're never even directly connected to de wynter ( they're controlled by his crazy henchman , played by eddie izzard ) ."	0
emily coos to vincent at one point in the film .	0
"robert ramsey and matthew stone's script basically consist of murphy and lawrence referring to everyone around them as "" motherf . . . s "" or "" n . . . . ."	0
"the film also makes the tragic mistake that a man ( in this case kline ) in a dress is automatically unfunny , it isn't , but the wild wild west makes this joke even more painful to watch through pure ineptness ."	0
"the special effects and outrageous camera angles * rule * "" knock off "" to the point where the audience doesn't have a clue as to what's happening any more ."	0
iguana out of focus . . .	0
but the way that he chooses to do it is tasteless .	0
film's your bag !	0
"it's just that remaking hitchcock , and doing it so badly , hardly seems to be an honorable way to go about getting the dough ."	0
"without a strong estella , finn's obsession seems baseless ."	0
it's a shame that this film will do so successfully because it just isn't worth much .	0
this is indeed a cold hearted man .	0
"he does this , and then gets knocked off by a bird ."	0
peter weller clearly knows his career is completely gone and doesn't give two shits about it .	0
go see maverick if you want to see a western .	0
we don't get this .	0
he explains that he likes devoting himself to others because then he doesn't focus on his own problems .	0
"i went in expecting something decent , for betty was gleefully praised , it's screenplay even winning an award at cannes , but i exited shaking my noggin in bewilderment ."	0
"i suppose there's always one turkey of the summer season ; a highly anticipated , big-budget release that manages to completely disappoint ."	0
i think it comes right down to characters : there are none here .	0
"they spend most of the day in the bushes at their park , cleaning up after dogs ."	0
"summer catch also makes an abortive stab at another half a dozen subplots -- the jealousy of fellow townie and brazen slut dee dee ( brittany murphy ) , the alienation felt by ryan's non-baseball playing best friend ( gabriel mann ) , or the fat chick fetish of fellow player miles ( marc blucas ) ."	0
wizards is an animated feature that begins with a narration of epic proportions .	0
"this is not surprising in and of itself , and could have been used to great comic effect , mainly by parodying scenes from the orginal movie ."	0
hollywood never fails to astound me .	0
"ironically , the wildest elements of "" wild things "" are not wild at all ."	0
every attempt at humor -- and there are lots of them -- falls flat with an audible thud .	0
that such a scene ( along with the rest of the movie ) was intended to be taken seriously defies comment .	0
"the movie attempts to capture the essence of alfred hitchcock's `the birds' , but fails miserably ."	0
"since i knew what was going to happen by the time the conclusion came around , i had no choice but to sit there and listen to painfully insipid , cringe-inducing lines of dialogue ."	0
paulie is a movie that never quite lives up to its promise but manages to charm nevertheless .	0
"it does a great job of setting up jjaks' unstable life , a life which has landed him in trouble for petty crimes and always trying to please his family ; reeves' wounded look is just right for jjaks ."	0
"it works in a sci-fi film like "" the matrix "" or in a classical fantasy like "" crouching tiger , hidden dragon "" but just calls attention to itself in "" the musketeer . """	0
"take away the likes of waiting to exhale , set it off , soul food , and eve's bayou , and all that's left is a chance to be someone's girlfriend , a local whore , or a murder victim ."	0
if only joel schumacher and the producers had listened and told andrew kevin walker to bury this crud deep in a hole .	0
"probably nothing , and so it is ."	0
too bad that the rest of the film lacks their level of humor .	0
nobody can save this bomb from it's own stupidity and arrogance in filmmaking and arrogance in believing that this is a positive religious-type of film .	0
"all the necessary conflicts seem to be in place -- the internal struggle of olmstead over the clash between good politics and good police work , and the external struggle as one of the two travelers eventually becomes villain to the other's protagonist ."	0
it is revealed that he is a musician who plays the oboe as a hobby .	0
"yet instead of a hangover , poor jack finds himself covered in blood and the chinese chick dead on a couch ."	0
"* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !"	0
"carter finds out that his brother was involved in some bad stuff with a slimy porn king played by ultra-cool , mcqueen-esque mickey rourke , a multi-millionaire computer geek ( alan cumming ) , and a strange foreign guy ( michael caine ) who speaks in riddles and talks tough ."	0
"i have nothing against "" modernizing "" classic works of literature - at the very least , they can inspire viewers to actually read the book - but films as dull as this have no positive side effects ."	0
rest assured he'll do all he can to match up garofalo and o'hara .	0
he has some fun fiddling with a southern accent . )	0
playing off the audience expectations that there will be a simple explanation for what is going on .	0
comments : the most notable aspect of adrenalin : fear the rush is that it marks a striking career move for natasha henstridge .	0
"i mean , when was the last time someone built a shopping mall next to a train station , anyway ?"	0
"they not only insult the audience , but they insult the types of people that the film portrays ."	0
"then the klump family , all played by eddie murphy , step in for some comedic relief involving old people having sex , flabby breasts , a slew of fart and dick jokes , and enough fat people jokes that i lost count after the first thirty minutes ."	0
"yet another tale of a sexually aggressive "" dog "" of a man who imposes his will upon his accommodating , innocent mate ."	0
"a simple sentence like that , and i've got a nice four-day fishing trip with the boys , or more often than not , a trip up to cherokee , n . c . , for jackpot bingo and assorted other mountain funnery ."	0
"for example , jack and his friends attend a funeral to hang in the background to scope-out the mob scene ."	0
note : some may consider portions of the following text to be spoilers .	0
"michael madsen reprises his role of press lennox ( so that he can enter high security areas , flash a badge and claim to be press , maybe ? ) , as does marg helgenberger as dr . laura baker , the one subjecting eve to the tv reruns ."	0
her antics get her into trouble and the british press spread these rumours all over their front pages .	0
"there are many other ideas , all of which are a hundred times better than what+s unraveled in the plot ."	0
"the structure of the film is annoying , repetitive and pretentious ."	0
"yes , and even the only decent line in this film : "" nomi is what las vegas is all about "" can't save 'showgirls' from going under ."	0
"here , she plays marvin's sunny love interest ."	0
the classic story & the production which ruined it	0
"( gordon first discovers rita in a cage , waiting to be rescued . )"	0
smith plays a cop who has a trust fund and is thus not a cop for the money ; martin l . is a family man ( shades of the now-tired lethal weapon dynamic here ) whose wife and he are at total odds .	0
uma thurman fares somewhat better as poison ivy .	0
"she looks nice , though ."	0
"next time they should "" spy "" a little bit harder ."	0
this time he has some leverage : karen's kidnapped son .	0
"only in the nineties , little red riding hood is a foul-mouthed juvenile delinquent played by reese witherspoon , and the big bad wolf is a serial killer ( keifer sutherland ) ."	0
"jack palance appears in tango & cash doing what he does best : playing a sleazy , conniving villain ."	0
"some talented actresses are blessed with a demonstrated wide acting range while others , almost as gifted , have more limited types of parts for which they are suitable ."	0
the would-be big time operator is desperately in need of help .	0
""" return to horror high , "" wants to be a couple different types of movies at once ."	0
"for some members of the audience ( read : me ) , this is basically a mirror of what's going on with them watching this film ."	0
i sincerely hope that i've completely spoiled any interest anyone might have of seeing this film .	0
"i didn't have high hopes about arnold's "" much anticipated "" return to the big screen ."	0
the film suffers every time the story shifts back to these two .	0
"here , glenn is such a lowly rat of a man that you never see what julia saw in him ."	0
"it is another one of those small-town sports movies that involves a flawed , but good-heartedfrom 1999 ."	0
"while he does have a small role in this film , we the audience have to depend on another blood thirsty maniac to rack up the body count ."	0
"( whether the "" lace panties "" part refers to webb or owens remains unanswered . )"	0
i can't think of another recent film which has had such an eclectic cast .	0
"the makeup team is led by rick baker instead of john chambers , who did it for the 1968 version ."	0
""" practical magic , "" is a film that is so misguided in so many ways that it makes you wonder how such talented and high-profile actors would even get involved in an embarrassing clap-trap like this one ."	0
"this could be an interesting departure from the standard vampire film , but carpenter decides to tell us about it rather than to show it ."	0
"a comet is about to strike earth , causing a catastrophe similar to the extinction level event ( e . l . e . ) that wiped out the dinosaurs ."	0
wrong mel !	0
"&nbsp ; first off , the screenplay by series creator chris carter is sloppy and cliched . &nbsp ;"	0
"the movie doesn't end there , unfortunately , because welles has to do what all heroes in schumacher films do--become a vigilante ."	0
"as one might expect from the synopsis , director dennis dugan resorts to the usual bag of manipulative and sentimental sequences , including a repulsive courtroom battle and a lot of teary scenes in which characters say "" good-bye "" to one another ; in addition , there's a ridiculous amount of disgusting toilet humor ( urine and vomit both get more screen time than sandler himself ) ."	0
"in fact , i enjoyed myself for most of its brief running time , despite the dreadful acting and a completely incomprehensible story ."	0
"monica's apartment is in "" noho , "" an area that one of the guests describes as "" so cool , all of the poor people live there . """	0
the filmmakers cleverly shoot the simulated sex scenes in a manner that makes sure you don't see any of milano's attributes .	0
"however , it can't hold up ."	0
"13 . ) how did they evacuate new york island in less than a day , and how did they convince those new yorkers to go to new jersey ?"	0
these are all topics that could easily fill a movie .	0
"she seems perfect , and deuce quickly falls in love with her ."	0
"the chase scene between the alien ship and will smith is straight out of "" star wars . """	0
"what's more , he doesn't even want his music to go anywhere without him : when a record company hears about his talents , they come on board to make a record of his music , but after finding out that -- gasp !"	0
rounding out the impressive supporting cast are david alan grier as bob's best friend and robert loggia as marty's brother-in-law angelo .	0
"they need fresh air to get some perspective , maybe to start over ."	0
"a lot of the lines ( especially hughley's ) appear to be made up as they go along , by people with little gift for ad-lib ."	0
"the main one is the fact that movie fails to explain how the single individual , no matter how brilliant he is , can produce thousands of deadly devices and hold entire city at bay ."	0
we may doubt though that he has ever seen the final result of his work .	0
"she not interested , but another person is : a cia psychiatrist ( patrick stewart ) who promptly kidnaps him ."	0
the film plays as if it was a wet fantasy dream about techie violence .	0
"for some reason that i may figure out later , i don't know why the time , money and effort were put into the making of "" the musketeer . """	0
"nell , lili taylor's character , goes from the hunted to the savior ."	0
"every so often , like at the end of a video game "" level "" or "" stage , "" the main baddie pops up : red ( meat loaf , fresh from the triumph of spice world ) , who wants to steal the cache of guns ."	0
"of course , the secretary was really her daughter page ( hewitt ) and the whole thing was a set-up ."	0
"there's a right way to have fun , and a wrong way to have fun ."	0
"pierce brosnan ( hey , i willingly endured "" dante's peak "" three times for him : ) ."	0
"what results is a film that looks good , but like that one scene , just isn't right ."	0
"the one bright spot here is jean reno , who oddly enough seems to fit well into a role which is often comedic , quite unlike what we've seem him do in the past ."	0
"if it were boring , i'd give it zero stars ."	0
"( only in the movies , right ? )"	0
"the battle scenes are extremely bloody , but with the presence of such jittery camera work , they capture none of the excitement or finesse of something like `braveheart' ."	0
the plot concerns an armored car that gets stuck in the raging water .	0
"it's unfortunate that mcdowell's one-note character is used just as an excuse for there to be a predictable plot-twist , and she offers absolutely no encouraging chemistry with willis ."	0
""" they're 17% larger than they used to be ! "" he proclaims ."	0
"the issues the movie brings up are worthwhile , but wexler's script refuses to move them beyond a surface level of trashily vicarious viewing ."	0
can't you hear your heart beating ! ?	0
"24-year-old syd ( radha mitchell ) , who has a rather bland , live-in boyfriend , was just promoted to assistant editor at the artistic photography magazine "" frame . """	0
"hell , i'm even a big fan of jim broadbent and fiona shaw ."	0
"i must admit that the film is dangerously near the line of being racially offensive and i do think that screenwriter stephen gaghan went a bit too far , portraying the yemeni people almost as stereotypical hollywood bad-guys ."	0
okay . so we know who the stalker is even before the movie starts ; no guesswork required .	0
"when kinnear's wife walks into the office , there isn't a single guy who doesn't trip , bump into a wall , or otherwise pratfall as if they'd never seen a woman before ."	0
i saw this film on christmas day expecting an upbeat comedy .	0
"i knew gotham city was this crazy anarchic place , but ."	0
"a world renound hunter , remington ( michael douglas ) , is called in and the battle , man against lion , begins ."	0
"it does have a few good scenes -- theron's super-orgasmic model character is kind of funny , and the last scene might have been moving had the rest of the film shown us a character or two ."	0
this is basically the whole plot .	0
"he's meant to fill the part of unfortunate role model for shandling's alien character , but he's so flatly drawn that even the writers quickly give up and toss him aside ."	0
"paint cans are spilled and newspapers are buried , all in the name of formula ."	0
thornton looks terrific and performs solidly but his character is a joke .	0
and this makes it more difficult for the audience to enjoy their antics .	0
"bah , humbug !"	0
"but alas , urban legend is not only idiotic and clich ? ? full ; it's way too clean , a slasher flick for the whole family with no nudity , little gore , and much stupidity ."	0
"not to worry , cruise takes care of the problem without even breaking a sweat ."	0
"here's another example of a bad scene , if you're still not convinced : the film opens up in a club where they're playing nine inch nail's most banal song , "" heresy "" ( example of the lines : "" god is dead/and no one cares/if there is a hell/i'll see you there "" ) , and as the song plays , and red strobe lights show the patrons dancing , the film pans over to amy , just standing there , looking dispondent ."	0
the lengths to which the film goes to prolong the plot have the unintentional effect of distancing us from these characters .	0
"the set design is fantastic , maybe even oscar worthy ."	0
"jack has become addicted to "" feeding the hole "" , a hole in the ground where he stores his payoff money ."	0
"susan granger's review of "" two can play that game "" ( screen gems )"	0
"in pay it forward leder continues in this vein with her intermittent dollops of cynicism seeming almost like a rebuttal : "" see my movie isn't as na ? ve as you might think "" she seems to be saying ."	0
"kitty kellerman ( ingrid thulin ) , apart from being madam , has a second job as a cabaret singer ."	0
"soon , art and simon are on the run from seemingly everyone -- fleeing for their lives and bonding at the same time , with the evil hit man who looks like an ex-football player always just a step behind them ."	0
long as he marries before the next day at 6 : 05 pm .	0
this film is made without one iota of intelligence or insight into the generation that its tag line claims to be defining .	0
""" gone "" either takes itself too seriously or not seriously enough ."	0
"comments : since i usually review horror and science fiction films , i feel a little out of my league discussing this teen football movie ."	0
"making a pact with malebolgia , a chief demon there , simmons returns to earth 5 years later reborn as spawn , a general in hell's army donning a necroplasmic costume replete with knives , chains , and a morphing cape ."	0
either degeneres is wearing a wig--as most of the actors appear to be--or she doesn't yet have enough clout to secure a hairstylist .	0
"following several run-ins with their tyrannical boss ( robert blake ) , who is obsessed with the "" money train "" --a train which carries all the subway's takings--and will let nothing stop it ( now * there's * an original plot device ) , harrelson's character decides to try and take off with the cash ."	0
"fire walk with me ( directed by lynch ) will be completely incomprehensible to anyone who has not seen the tv series or read "" laura palmer's secret diary . """	0
"finn is an orphan being raised by his unfaithful sister maggie , or should that be mrs . joe , ( kim dickens ) , and her boorish fisherman husband , joe ( chris cooper ) ."	0
"the filmmakers cloud the issue with some nonsense about a family feud of sorts , and they also turn ru'afo into a completely power-mad superfreak , just so the characters will have something to do in the climax ."	0
"the movie is a medley of clutter , confusion and wrong decisions around every corner ."	0
their love must remain unrequited unless seth decides to make the ultimate sacrifice and become human .	0
which is not to say that she doesn't have room for improvement .	0
"some nutty priest accidentally read it upside down , so the real year is 999 , so just add a 1 to the beginning , and you've got 1999 !"	0
"robert blake , who plays the evil boss , has got to be the most pathetic bad guy in film history !"	0
"in the first place , korda's rage over being discovered before he can make his big score is rendered completely pointless when he proceeds to hit the target anyway ( and , incidentally , to screw it up ) ."	0
most of the time you'll forget he's even there .	0
"so , in case you don+t know , let me be straight ."	0
"the mechanics of loser's tired old introvert-boy-falls-for-extrovert-girl plot drive its protagonists into cultural non-specificity , so that they become even less than stereotypes ."	0
"on the run from russian mobsters ( the bad guys that seem to be all the rage in this year's films ) and trying to cut a pirate software deal with the chinese mafia , blossom is surrounded by blood ."	0
"schwarzenegger and devito are two of my favorite actors in film today , and ivan reitman is one of the more talented directors in hollywood ."	0
except she looks more hippyish .	0
"we know very little about norris' character while , on the other hand , gangsters are portrayed with more human dimension ."	0
"i mean , if you do rent it , and i don't reccomend you do , make sure you just skip the last 10 minutes ."	0
filmy cherubic spirits take shape under sheets and billowy curtains .	0
it makes no sense and the director gives the audience no reasoning for the ridiculous changes that take place in the film .	0
"things begin to get marginally engrossing when we meet colonel moore ( james woods ) , a former commanding officer of the deceased who has a few secrets up his sleeve ."	0
some films go quickly to video .	0
only a stuntwoman .	0
"besson would have been better served spending more time trying to bring his characters to life , and less on feeble attempts at humor which are often embarrassing ."	0
"someone once said that the key to good art -- good movies , good books , whatever -- is to start somewhere interesting , end up somewhere interesting , and show respect for the audience all along the way ."	0
"joan always wanted her kids to be able to fend for themselves , you see ."	0
"unfortunately , this film also suffers from the worst characteristics of this genre ."	0
"technically , this should have been called watchers v , but it seems that this cycle of horror movies , much like many other sequel-crazy film series , has decided to drop the numbers from the titles ."	0
"the volcano erupts twice and for some reason , the film ends there ."	0
_dirty_work_ has a premise of deliciously mean-spirited potential .	0
"ostensibly , it's a pseudo-documentary account of a director named alan smithee ( eric idle ) who loses control of a big-budget action film called trio starring sylvester stallone , whoopi goldberg and jackie chan ( all of whom appear as themselves ) ."	0
the original star wars trilogy means so much to so many people .	0
"deep impact doesn't just have implausibilities , it also contains cheap human drama , incredibly horrible special effects , and a poorly constructed plot ."	0
"through a series of very complex and convoluted plot devices that involve murder ; blackmail ; guns ; mel's mexico traveling partner and his parole officer ; ross's former cop buddies , ex-lover and would-be sidekick , the tale finally ends up exactly where everyone expects it to ."	0
there's some impressive make up effects also .	0
"she meets his crass publisher , vanni corso ( walken ) , another self-absorbed man , and a predictable relationship occurs ."	0
"it is great to have the comic voices of jenna elfman , garry schandling , john leguizimo , ellen degeneres , and gilbert godfried in your lineup , but they have nothing to do but improvise their underdeveloped , stereotyped characters , one-line-at-a-time ."	0
"perhaps , although i can see a shell of a story here that could have been a good superhero movie had it been handled right ."	0
the kind who just won't die .	0
"sitting at the table morosely slurping down a banana split , her presence is grounded and heartbreaking ."	0
"akiva goldsman's screenplay for the film is ridiculous and laughably bad , with astonishingly terrible dialogue , lame jokes , and an awful by-the-number plot which simply coasts along and fails to generate any genuine excitement ."	0
"joseph cross was probably the highlight in the cast , since he believably portrayed a boy suffering the loss of a parent ."	0
"mark this one "" return to sender "" ."	0
perhaps it was because i was tired when i watched it .	0
"although it had enormous potential , the third act of 8mm is a total bust , leaving intrigued audiences in a baffling state of extreme disappointment as the proceedings spiral out of control ."	0
"and , on top of that , he's a damn good trial lawyer ."	0
one particular scene features baker crawling around trying to avoid laser-beams while she tries to steal an ancient chinese mask .	0
this is the second film in a row ( following wing commander ) starring freddie prinze jr . which should have premiered on the aisles of the local blockbuster but was likely saved from that fate due to the fluke success of she's all that .	0
"no amount of hype , no amount of money can hide the fact that these filmmakers are the 90s equivalent to william beaudine ( billy the kid vs ."	0
"there's no underlying tension , and no urgent need to see what the outcome is ."	0
"the 'script' eventually degenerates into shouting matches , with the f-word included a lot to sound like students ."	0
not since good will hunting has he abandoned his signature style to this extent ; this isn't the robin williams we know and love .	0
she talks to a woman who mentions that rittenhouse was having an affair with a girl named ellie .	0
"the matchmaker falls for every cliche of things that can go wrong -- garofalo has to take a tiny plane to ireland , almost misses the bus to town , can't get a hotel room , ends up in the smallest , trashiest one around , has a dog piss on her luggage , and so on ."	0
"unfortunately , oldman is locked away for most of the film , giving us nothing but ample mocking opportunities to enjoy ."	0
"unfortunately , upon hearing that the program has been axed by the government , seth takes control of his soldiers , killing everyone in the building except for luc , his partner maggie , his daughter hillary and erin , a reporter trapped inside ."	0
so it is with paulie .	0
"half of the film was a bad episode of `beverly hills 90210' ( dina meyer was in "" beverly hills "" ) , while another quarter was simply nothing ( things like presenting irrelevant information in an irritating way on the web ) , and the rest was a display of humans fighting computer-generated images ."	0
responds his nonplussed girlfriend .	0
"the film looks as if it had been invaded by a computer virus , at that point ."	0
so what does foolish have to offer beside a bunch of idiotic character names ?	0
""" palmetto "" has a well-known director , volker schl ? ndorff , who's best known for his adaptations of major literary works , especially "" the tin drum . """	0
"l . i . e . stands for long island expressway , which slices through the strip malls and middle-class homes of suburbia ."	0
""" you're not the reason i couldn't care less about you . """	0
this was definitely his worst performance to date .	0
"but when elements which don't speak are going to be the best parts of your movie , you'd probably better rewrite the script ."	0
"sandler plays sonny koufax , a unemployed new yorker with a seemingly low mental age ."	0
it's not a bad thing to update old stories .	0
choir boy !	0
"salon kitty , his 1976 film , is very losely based on the novel by peter nordern , book that deals with bizarre yet true story that took place in the first years of ww2 ."	0
"there is nothing she wants more than to be a reporter and go out into the field , where she can play a more active role in the chicago media ."	0
"in a few years , the lost in space movie will likely live on not as a series but as the obscure answer to a trivia question : what film ended titanic's 15-week reign at the top of the weekend box office ?"	0
"all in all , "" i still know "" tries to be as successful as the first the film was , but really fails in the attempt ."	0
"quite literally , he is the devil in disguise , and as the movie progresses , he reveals some uncanny talents that one could have only if he had sold his soul long ago ."	0
"in the original , the headless horseman was meant to be unstoppable ."	0
their characters exhibit little evidence of emotion ; automatons would have been as effective .	0
"first , it is original ."	0
"an interesting supporting cast is thoroughly wasted ; pretty famke janssen , best known as "" goldeneye "" 's killer thighs , is trapped in a forced romantic interest with williams , while kevin j . o'connor , as finnegan's mechanic , provides comic relief with screechy manic shtick that gets old fast ."	0
why wouldn't they wash the clothes in the sink or in the washing machine ?	0
"the grand finale takes place on the roof of a tall building , and features a harrowing ( yawn ) scene where simon walks along the very edge of the building , not because he has to , but because it's more suspenseful that way ."	0
"this doesn't only make him an awfully predictable sort , but it also means that not a single scene in "" end of days "" goes by without unnecessarily graphic violence , or the odd kinky sexual encounter ( yet another bit that had me scratching my head ) ."	0
"okay , that last one's a lie , but at least it would have been a quicker send-off than "" air bud "" 's courtroom climax -- no joke !"	0
"he barely speaks to her , treats her like crap , and then sends her away ."	0
"a kind woman , her last act in the movie is one of revenge ."	0
it's obvious that he has neither and the result is therefore a catastrophe .	0
"martha is , of course , the evil one ."	0
a life of crime is easy to get sucked into with the first reward of quick cash .	0
mommie dearest was already cementing its place in camp cinema history .	0
i believe i counted three .	0
shot composition and camera movement is consistently impressive .	0
same old attitude .	0
the only artistic aspect of tango & cash is the cinematography .	0
"welles agrees , and soon gets pulled into the seedy underworld of porn movies , with video clerk max california ( phoenix ) as his guide ."	0
"anyhow , the premise is certainly a nifty one and the opening scene is spooky and atmospheric ."	0
.	0
"after some script gymnastics , g appears live on the air at the good buy shopping network , wreaking havoc on the cheesy product demonstrations , enraging network owner mr . mcbainbridge ( loggia ) , and becoming a national media sensation ."	0
"the final exchange between henstridge and , er , cube though is both audible * and * priceless ."	0
and the plot ?	0
it just means you grew up since seventh grade .	0
"they both win places in the school's basketball team , with the animal as their mascot ."	0
best moment though comes when supergirl decides to put a bra on over her school uniform and starts stuffing it with socks .	0
"here he tries to achieve an artistic level , moving towards the oscar ."	0
maria pitillo ( dear god ) plays the love interest and hank azaria ( great expectations ) is on hand to present what is supposed to be comic relief .	0
hell yes !	0
too many .	0
"what's needed are more details as to exactly why mccabe is the only bone marrow match that works ; there would seem to be other possible contenders somewhere in the country , and thus many of the ways that connor endangers the lives of himself and those around him by attempting to keep mccabe alive are just a little too hard to swallow ."	0
oh and the girls are hotter .	0
"quinlan , on the other hand , is a great actress who needs to get a role that shows off her talents ."	0
"they laughed , or tried to laugh , at moments that were either barely funny , or much more horrible than funny , as if that could bend the film away from it's rather frightening direction ."	0
"no one , and i mean no one , can make a line like "" bye bye , mr . knife guy ! """	0
and a romance angle ?	0
"from there , we are subjected to bodily function humor and just about every bad "" dick "" joke one can derive from this type of supposed comedy ."	0
in fact there is no part in the movie that i liked or enjoyed .	0
bon jovi is the only sympathetic character in the whole movie .	0
"it's about an a+ student ( biggs as "" paul "" ) who gets a scholarship to some college in new york city who sticks out like a sore thumb and falls for dora ( suvari ) a ditzy heroin-chic goth chick who has no ambition or self-respect whatsoever and allows herself to be pushed around just like "" hick-boy "" paul is ."	0
"the pied piper ( czechoslovakia , 1986 ) director : jim barta screenwriter : kamil piza"	0
"aiding aki and dr . sid are the deep eyes , a group of hard-as-nails types that would have felt at home with the troops in "" aliens . """	0
"they have to retrieve the paddles for a proper vote , and maybe afterward they can play ping-pong ."	0
mr . freeze is introduced with a team of hockey playing hoodlums that seem to have stepped out of an old kiss music video .	0
"if anyone disagrees i would love for them to explain the box office successes of shit like batman and robin , wild wild west , and godzilla ."	0
"for now , maybe it's an appropriate eulogy to an actor who could only get better ."	0
"surely this film isn't trying to win any major awards , so should i have expected an oscar-caliber film ?"	0
"that is the fact that it was co-written by famed film critic roger ebert , who also was responsible for the screenplay ."	0
"cristofer doesn't even manage to capture the allure of cuba ; instead of portraying his setting as a steamy , sensuous island paradise , it appears bland and lifeless ."	0
"as with all thing's involving the devil , you can expect nothing but the worst ."	0
"the only real story , if you can call it that , was a subplot involving the mentally disturbed greens keeper , bill murray , who is having his own private little war against a gopher who is ruining the course ."	0
blond male has become a complete jerk and quarterback on some college football team .	0
"celebrity is yet another film in which allen tells a story about himself , living in a world that he's familiar with , dealing with people like the ones he actually knows ."	0
"there are several scenes which seemed like a waste of time , the scene with his mother and her friends , which was hilarious , seemed pointless , and the scene with tom selleck in the bar with joan seemed pointless ."	0
"here cruise plays him more as a hip , sexual dynamo than the square jawed robot he impersonated in part 1 ."	0
"incidentally , the knicks eventually start winning ."	0
a sequel is never as good as the original .	0
"an example : "" that [car crash] must've been awful . . . for"	0
""" i think i've got a bite , "" he announces as a gigantic tidal wave begins rushing toward him ."	0
the camera zooms in incredibly close .	0
oldman got it about half right .	0
"that is , until two loser university students unfreeze him in 1986 ."	0
"however , mr . nice guy lacks the sparkle of jackie's best efforts , and its weaknesses are more glaring than ever ."	0
"the costume epic idea gives him a reason to appear in a different ridiculous outfit everytime he's on screen , the porn angle exists just so there can be a couple of stupid sex jokes ."	0
everything is set for maximum exposure .	0
"apart from these factors , though , nothing else in wild wild west works ."	0
"talon vows to help , and , after a series of minor escapades , eventually ends up rescuing alana's brother ( and several other prisoners ) , only to be captured himself ( in other words , put on a cross to be crucified ! ) ."	0
"i feel like the writer , by pulling out all the melodramatic stops , has robbed me of what could have been a genuinely powerful movie experience on both the romantic and the philosophical level ."	0
"the screenplay is lamely written , and the subject matter poorly conceived ."	0
"she shows none of the ear for quirky dialogue that sparked clueless , nor any of that film's interest in lively plotting ( not surprisingly , since clueless's plot came via jane austen's emma ) ."	0
"there are surprisingly few tense moments in this film , and nearly all of them come at the final minute ."	0
"for some reason , every person in this film keeps having sex ."	0
"they meet fans who dress up in costumes , fans who worship the ground they walk on , and a group of aliens called thermians who believe that they are the ultimate saviors against the dreaded alien colony lead by sarris ( robin sachs ) ."	0
"married with children , megan and joe provide a useful counterpoint by showing the mundane results of romance ."	0
"i also enjoyed the interaction between the angry , violent dutch and the calm , patient lucky ."	0
"as stated before , never talk to strangers is a poor excuse for a film whose sole purpose seems to be exploiting banderas and de mornay's bodies as often as possible ."	0
nothing in the whole concept is remotely enjoyable .	0
so if you are going into this movie not expecting to see anything grand and are only going to kill some time and watch a mediocre sci-fi thriller then you won't be too disappointed .	0
"kelly , the so-called robin hood of the aussies ."	0
"this doesn't sound like a brilliant premise for a film - "" we just follow a lot of people around who are vaguely related "" - but it's the execution of the idea that makes topless women talk about their lives so engrossing ."	0
"the army should have saved time by bringing in brennan and sunhill , letting them play a game of twenty questions with the suspects , then letting them guess who the killer was ."	0
danger !	0
maybe a little bit of cohesion in the story .	0
"the special effects look nice , but do nothing for the film ."	0
there's even include a shower scene that offers a brief side view of them .	0
"most of the good-natured gags are of the fast-motion variety , such as runaway cows and out-of-control lawnmowers ."	0
the killing scenes are so obviously faked that they go to the point of threatening the viewer's intelligence .	0
throw in the fact that i don't think nick and kate spent enough time together to even warrant that rash of a decision .	0
this film was originally titled the haunting of hill house .	0
"aside from norman , the characters are thinly drawn people who leave no connection with the audience ."	0
"( i'm paraphrasing ) "" type of exchange is used at least four times in the opening ten minutes of the film , each time getting progressively less funny ."	0
and another .	0
why else would they indulge in petty squabbling while they watch their friends become fish food .	0
how come he can't control jericho or christine ?	0
"this is quite a condemnation considering the cast includes danny aiello , james spader and jeff daniels ."	0
he's quickly becoming miramax's mickey mouse ; the company has already signed him to work on several of their upcoming projects .	0
"everything that was subtle and smart about the previously mentioned films is battered over our heads in this one , and characters stare at each other for maddeningly-long periods of time and refuse to communicate on any realistic level ."	0
"also , the movie is irritatingly selective with how effective the bugs are to earthling weaponry ."	0
"in lucy's world , sex and drugs come hand-in-hand ."	0
at times jawbreaker feels simply like teen cinema's greatest hits but the audience is cheated with watered down interpretations of the best this genre has to offer .	0
nevertheless this little nudnik goes out of his way to bring the pair together in a scene that recalls parent trap-ish cornball antics .	0
she takes this as a sign from fate that they shouldn't be together ; jonathan is flabbergasted .	0
"lastly , there's the dog , who is used here in a similar context to puffy from there's something about mary ."	0
"i am giving this movie an f , but i'm not sure that quite does it justice ."	0
"in this one , seagal plays a worker for a mining factory set in alaska and run by the greased-up typical shallow villain , this time played by an oscar-winner to give the movie some more clout - michael caine ."	0
"drugs , mutilation , and killing your own friends isn't something to be laughed at ."	0
"using the cops , he tries to set up traps , none which really work , so when sly calls him , he goes ballisitic on his ass over the phone , getting so worked up by saying his must-be-improvised speeches that he seems to pop the vein in his head wide open ."	0
"this time , a japanese guy is eating noodles with chopsticks while watching sumo wrestling ( if that ain't a stereotype . . . )"	0
"the special effects are enough to keep you interested through one viewing , and some of the cinemtography is well-done ( the scene with the black umbrellas comes to mind ) ."	0
like the scene were he and his friend are learning the ropes at a new construction job .	0
"the reality is that after 15 minutes of watching this picture , you know exactly what's going to happen , despite rather pathetic attempts in the screenplay to throw in plot twists ."	0
"on the contrary , the star wars trilogy -- and the empire strikes back in particular -- are three items on a very short list of why i love movies ."	0
there's a certain timing that's mandatory in comedy .	0
and the scariest part of it all ?	0
"--michael jordan , on winning his first nba championship in 1991 . . . or ,"	0
"the avengers was never about gripping drama , and our heroes accordingly never take villainous sir august very seriously , but given the lack of cohesion in the plot and the lack of menace conveyed by the buffoonish maniac , it's all decidedly uncompelling ."	0
the story is very minimal and basic .	0
( his facial expressions are variations on a scowl . )	0
"however , when he arrives at the trap , both hit men miss ( how convenient ) and in the confusion eastwood simply walks away ."	0
"ok , so deep impact may have messed up character wise , but surely the special effects are good ?"	0
"this odd similarity between the two movies may best be explained by the studio that produced it , where "" formula "" isn't just business , it's a way of life ."	0
much ado about nothing .	0
unfortunately for them it is a horror film in which zellweger plays your typically stupid horror film character .	0
"perhaps it is a challenge : he dares us to enjoy this movie , despite his best attempts to ensure that we don't ."	0
"american pie , final destination , road trip didn't get such hot reviews and i loved those guilty pleasures ."	0
"better to wait for a climax , than to see one "" ."	0
it does not succeed as a parody .	0
"it is watchable and apparently will be released to theaters in canada , but it is unlikely to be seen on the international market ."	0
so is anything salvageable in this movie ?	0
"there he a meets crazed man by the name of daffy ( robert carlyle ) who gives him a map to a beach , a secret utopia , then commits suicide ."	0
which was true .	0
"if you piss a "" family "" member off , or dishonor yourself in any way , the usual punishment is public display of self-mutilation , usually resulting in the loss of limbs ."	0
conclusion : what's the moral here ?	0
"when francis lays eyes on him after the break-in , francis promises not to call the police if he'll stay for sex ."	0
well let's just say i about fell off my chair laughing when they oh-so-cleverly revealed that everyone who got invited to the party was related to the psycho doctors who died in the house a couple of decades ago .	0
"nurse betty signals the unofficial end of that dreadful summer movie season and the commencement of a potentially brighter fall movie season , that battery-charging ( at least for critics who have to sit through every piece o' shit that moseys into multiplexes ) time of year when all those oscar contenders ( read : "" quality "" films ) compete for audiences ."	0
and every scene in the movie ends with a middle wipe -- really .	0
"there's not a moment in the movie where i felt like i was listening to genuine human beings talk ; it's all screenwriterese , that bizarre analect where every sentence ends in a punchline and the primary mode of expression is the unique conjunctions of four-letter words ."	0
"that'll do . """	0
"unfortunately , when we add it all together ( draco + fringe bits - quaid - thewlis ) , the sum total amounts to zero ."	0
"since then , she has made an appearance in each one of rodriguez's films ."	0
"you wish he would just stop whining , let estella marry his rival , walter plane ( an oddly subdued hank azaria ) , and just get on with his life ."	0
"there's the occasional moment where they look moderately convincing , but mainly , the swarm is represented in cheesy digital imagery ."	0
"here though , the intense dialogue comes care of confrontations with travolta , as the two send mindful , knowing glares across the room ."	0
"his "" gift "" of the feature story , and of the new york rangers , was his way of compensating for not being a better skater ."	0
"this brings us to the performances , which strike me as all wrong ."	0
"now in 1999 , "" end of days "" ( not "" the end of days "" ) is the third strike in a tough at bat for arnold ."	0
"switch forward a year , christmas is approaching once again , and charlie and gabby are still having a difficult time coming to terms with jack's death ."	0
i was never scared and i think that i only laughed once .	0
"well , whatever it is , you'd sure as hell hope that it would be a thousand times better than this shoddy attempt at such a melange , considering the disastrous results we're left with here ."	0
"although her character is not directly involved with the main storyline , she manages to input a great deal of pathos and feeling into her character ."	0
"although it doesn't stink like many of the similar films can , inside edge is mostly forgettable b grade action routine ."	0
"anyway , the goons discover diana , and will do anything to recover the tape ."	0
"this is , of course , only the beginning of the movie's problems ."	0
"there's only one moment in the film where murphy is allowed to let loose , and it lasts for three shouted words , which seem totally out of place as a result ."	0
i think the blame for this should be placed on the script .	0
"this film ( in a way akin to films such as "" a few good men "" ) has already been accused of breaking the rules of morality and ethics and even of racism ."	0
"soon he is called out of retirement to find a bat which was kidnapped and , if not returned in four days , will cause two warring african tribes to destroy each other ."	0
"nicky katt was brilliant in a brief role in the limey , here his role is just as brief only he seems wasted ; he's only kept around for his cold presence ."	0
"the set-up is slick and well played , as cage uncovers the identity of the girl and travels to hollywood to locate her ."	0
what's good about this movie ?	0
how many movies have psycho ex-special forces bad guys ?	0
"the knicks coach who is eddie's antagonist early in the film reappears at the end , but he isn't given a chance to be the villain eddie desperately needs ."	0
"they then start training , which contains what roger ebert calls ips ( idiot plot syndrome , moments when only an idiot would have made such obvious mistakes ) , then real combat ."	0
today audiences have higher expectations ; baker's visualization is really an improvement .	0
fishburne dutch schultz . . . . . . . . . . . . tim	0
"there's never a moment of awe , wonder , or mayhem ."	0
( that monotone -- stop it ! )	0
"he does , however , have a propensity for choosing hopeless material as in last year's father's day and this year's my giant ."	0
"it is now home to a bunch of interred foreigners and policed by cops who drive around in small cars with "" policia "" printed on their doors ."	0
"he is a lizard that has been mutated over the years and has become a new species , one that has a foot as long as this bus , and a claw as long as this sign ."	0
"cultivating his usual sliminess , voight gives an unexpectedly standout performance as west canaan coyotes head coach bud kilmer ."	0
"adam sandler isn't known for appearing in deep , thought-provoking films , but he's still a really funny guy ."	0
"i haven't had the opportunity to see the documentary , but i actually would have been interested to see what the set was like while all of the shots were being filmed , if only to see how director eric stanze ( director of a similar cult film called savage harvest ) , conducted the atmosphere on set ."	0
"quite bloody at times , the story , full of horrific images , seems designed to shock and repulse us ."	0
director de palma stages some wonderfully creative scenes through out the film .	0
is jackson's character then simply insane ?	0
"why the filmmakers would want to waste such a cast in such a bad movie , with such bad acting and dialogue is a question only they will know ."	0
"with the obvious and considerable talent that he possesses , he just can't keep going on like this ."	0
but reindeer games makes its first serious mistake during the first half an hour .	0
mr . magoo runs 1 : 37 .	0
they will take some incident like the investigation of a mysterious plane crash and tell you what happened in detail .	0
or that fighter planes are still in pristine condition after all that time -- and gassed up ?	0
"in fact there is nothing colorful about this movie , its dark and depressingly gloomy right down to the bitter end ."	0
"the world's population had disintigrated into a mere 200 , 000 and is no longer ruled by humans but animals ."	0
"two years back al pacino gave a terrific performance in the fun "" the devil's advocate "" and here it seems like the idea of him is in the character also ."	0
maybe .	0
"eddie isn't a likeable character , but sean penn makes him understandable ."	0
"okay , what's next ?"	0
"no dice , bueller ."	0
"so , part of me was excited as i drove to the local multiplex to see godzilla 2000-the latest entry in an almost 50-year old franchise ."	0
"private investigation ? ) , who is apparently stealing from his trust fund ."	0
"by ivy's side is the giant steroid monster bane ( jeep swanson ) , a grunting hulk of a beast ."	0
another attempt to revive this worn out genre falls flat .	0
"the only consolation for this viewer is that my ticket to the movie was a freebie , positive proof that the best things in life aren't free . . . ."	0
"i remember the original as being charming , but my guess is that the memory from almost four decades ago has been artificially enhanced by the years ."	0
"don't get me wrong , i love car chases , but they were overdone and too long here ."	0
the music is another factor that prevents you from leaving the theatre .	0
at least that would be the case if jimmy weren't already a world-class altruist .	0
"these tv scenes were not only bad stereotype scenes of tv honchos , they were revolting ."	0
"actually , it's lizard eat city , as godzilla emerges from the atlantic to begin a rampage on the big apple's core ."	0
payback should have been called playback : it's a 102-minute loop of the same short sequence .	0
"robert de niro ( "" taxi driver , "" "" raging bull "" ) , billy crystal ( "" city slickers "" ) , lisa kudrow ( "" the opposite of sex "" ) , and director harold ramis ( "" national lampoon's vacation "" ) ."	0
"it is unfortunate that the script required him to speak quickly right out of the gate , as i did understand him more as the film continued and i became accustomed to his speech ."	0
"mel gibson starred in "" payback "" a few years ago that had a story not unlike this one but had such a good screenplay you couldn't help but like him even though he was just as bad a guy as jack carter ."	0
"the characters presented are so annoying and pathetic , that it is hard to cheer for them or scream them ."	0
"i dare not even begin to bring up the last quarter of the film , since that contains the twist that ? explains ? the pointless journey ."	0
exclaims one character in the early going .	0
"still living in the same small town , the woman with a well-known history of mental problems is hired as a high school counselor ?"	0
"however , it's hard to laugh at death these days , especially ones involving young people ."	0
"sure , it had the big battle scene at the end , but the only excitement felt was that the movie might be nearing a conclusion ."	0
"the movie then lurches forward into the plight of al simmons ( michael jai white ) , a government assassin/operative who is murdered by diabolical boss jason wynn ( martin sheen , who plays all of his scenes like an oscar clip ) while on a top secret mission in a north korean biological weapons plant ."	0
but cool sight .	0
zelig and crimes and misdemeanors are the work of a creative and intelligent artist .	0
"for ever , i sat in anticipation for a decent climax and that's what i got ?"	0
"the dialogue between maria pitillo ( as audrey timmonds , dr . tatopoulos' estranged girlfriend ) and mr . broderick is so adolescent , it makes teenagers giggle in disbelief ( as happened during the screening i witnessed ) ."	0
"those who tend to bash benigni for exploiting holocaust as the topic of comedy would probably go bananas watching this film , that uses the darkest pages of european history for cheap sexploitation ."	0
do they even read these things anymore ?	0
but the out-takes over the closing credits contain more humor than the film itself .	0
not a watchable film in the bunch .	0
"the story begins with the cast of galaxy quest including : jason nesmith ( tim allen ) , alexander dane ( alan rickman ) , gwen demarco ( sigourney weaver ) signing autographs at a convention ."	0
"starring : tim roth , jennifer beals , antonio banderas , quentin tarantino , valeria golino , madonna , bruce willis , marisa tomei , alicia witt , lili taylor , and ione skye ."	0
"_dawson's_creek_ star jackson mugs his way thorugh a glorified cameo ; gayheart displays all the depth and range of , well , a noxzema spokeswoman ; and robert englund lends the film little more than his freddy krueger pedigree as a folklore professor ."	0
try imagining a soft-porn movie . . . but	0
"if there were a bit more meat in the story , adults on a nostalgic bent might get a kick out of the movie ."	0
"when celine and robert start to overtly act on their "" feelings , "" it comes off more like something scripted than anything natural ."	0
"his bothersome and depressing character , made me disgusted at his 20 million fee ."	0
it's tough to become emotionally invested in a character's turmoil when it looks like all he really needs is a big bowl of bran flakes .	0
the dean tries to kick patch out and later he tries again .	0
the fact that this director at one point won a pulitzer prize completely baffles me .	0
"they have no personality , and by the end they don't even seem particularly threatening ."	0
"he has played the character of "" seth "" on tv's "" malibu shores "" several times ."	0
"he dreams of heroic deeds and the subsequent admiration of his long time crush , dr . brenda bradford ( joely fisher ) ."	0
"but he fails to come up with any parallel structure in his multi-tiered movie and he fails to connect with the audience on any level , bringing the worth of his efforts to nil and the value of go to about the same ."	0
"this film centers on a relationship forged throughout the adult lifetimes of two marine colonels , hays hodges ( tommy lee jones ) and terry childers ( samuel l . jackson ) ."	0
"what can you expect from a movie whose entire premise is that two parents can't find a rare toy on christmas eve , and will do anything to get one ?"	0
"you can just see this script plotted out on a chalkboard with martin lawrence/fat woman in the middle of the board with a big circle around it , and all sorts of clich ? d , "" humorous "" situations pointing to it ."	0
"well , i'm glad you asked that question ."	0
"it is difficult to criticise the actors , because they do everything the movie demands of them ."	0
or so it seems .	0
"like everyone else in the theater , i left the movie feeling that the trailers had duped me , because they made me want to watch this movie voluntarily ."	0
but it's too little too late .	0
"if first-time director hal salwen could shoot an entire movie of characters typing at their computers , he would ."	0
"the only redeeming aspect of the movie is that i now have a neat idea for a halloween costume , but i'm not sure if the local costume store sells rubber slickers and hooks ."	0
does one of them land first and catch the other off guard ?	0
they get on .	0
"writer-directors josh and jonas pate seem to desire to emulate the coen brothers' masterwork blood simple , or the wachowski brothers' less worthy bound ."	0
"the plot is pathetic garbage strung together by inane action sequences that will baffle your mind , the performances are so wooden you could use them to row a canoe , and the action itself is an absolute catastrophe ."	0
"the imdb reports that when senator robert kennedy was shot at the ambassador hotel in los angeles on june 5 , 1968 , it was his good friend john frankenheimer who had personally driven him there that day ."	0
is it really * all * bad ?	0
"the plot , like every other friday the 13th movie goes something like this -- crazed killer murders as many unsuspecting teenagers as he/she/it possibly can in the space of a 90 minute movie ."	0
"but suddenly , we hear a pleading voice coming from down below ; he's only injured ."	0
he has a few lines that are surprisingly thought-provoking .	0
it stoops to ridiculous levels that most individuals could only conjure up in horrific nightmares .	0
and the lagoon in which they swim invites the occasional shark .	0
"i suppose it's possible to watch this as a some sort of bizarre fairytale , but it's really hard ."	0
"this time , however , they may have gone too far ."	0
"his young lawyer ( slater ) is fresh out of law school but determined to "" put alcatraz on trial "" for the abuses of it warden ( gary oldman ) ."	0
robin comes off less charismatic that in the last film in the series .	0
"first , the football sequences are nothing new , nor can they be ; the sports genre isn't mainstream and it's been retread to death ."	0
"contact , for example , far exceeds this film in terms of imagery and imagination ."	0
"obviously aware of the ugliness before him , director joe roth turns to goofy supporting characters like hank azaria ( as a lisping spaniard ) , christopher walken ( the insane time over time director ) , and alan arkin ( a new age guru in a fright wig ) to crack wise ."	0
"weaving together a grabbag of seemingly unrelated characters , herzfeld's tries very hard to keep the audience guessing with a altmanesque series of parallel stories ."	0
"clueless was an annoying , unfunny waste of time ."	0
"the final line in the film , spoken by the bratty sylvester , is `if they think i'm doing the sequel for less than $20 mill , they're nuts' ."	0
his screenplay for reindeer games turns the tables on the audience so many times that watching the film becomes something of a punishment with no reward anywhere in sight .	0
nor will you care .	0
""" mission to mars "" is one of those films that makes a critic wonder where to start when talking about all the things that are wrong with it , so let's start with one of the things that does work : director brian de palma manages to create some eerie tension in a few scenes during the middle of the film ."	0
"that's right , 80% miss , and 20% hit ."	0
"all too often , it veers into the realm of the unintentionally funny ."	0
she crawls away from the accident with a concussion and finds herself a bungalow with an unlocked door to sleep .	0
"she also knows that he was having an affair with a sophisticated woman from london , honey ( quick ) ."	0
"finally , kris kristofferson appears in a throwaway role during the climax , and this unnecessary plot development sticks out like a sore thumb ( tellingly , he didn't appear in the original cut of the film , but was cast when extensive reshoots took place months later ) ."	0
""" jawbreaker "" is a pastiche , and not even an enjoyable one ."	0
what were you and lawrence kasdan thinking ? )	0
each episode was like a chaplin silent movie .	0
a secretary is having sex with some unidentified guy with a cute butt .	0
body shots makes fornication dirtier than the most scummy porno film .	0
"at least warren beatty tried to make a statement with his dreary and overrated film , though ."	0
"given the "" script "" , it's a wonder it didn't happen more frequently ."	0
"prentice does though , and that's never explained ."	0
it wasn't long before i got tired of hearing the hurricane's exceedingly deep meditations on his condition .	0
and what if they forget it by their bedside ?	0
none of the lead performers are going to wow critics with their thespian attributes .	0
it's just a shame to see talented actors and actresses throw their ability away .	0
"i , however , can't get past these elements ."	0
delpy's previous credits include such memorable ventures as krzysztof kieslowski's white and richard linklater's before sunrise .	0
"no , the problem with the film is its direction ."	0
"but like i said , i saw enough to know this would be one of those terrible melodramas about the isolation of people who have superior abilities and how hard it is for those people to assimilate themselves into mainstream civilization ."	0
"so , our pal al has been uplifted to hell , and while his transformation from normal guy to spawn takes place , his ol' partner terry forms a relationship with his wife ."	0
"so , vince , how about a movie ?"	0
not much room for social commentary there .	0
the final moment involving the two characters is heartfelt and emotional .	0
"boys and girls is about a "" nerdy , smart "" boy named ryan ( prinze jr . ) and a "" popular , flirt "" girl named jennifer ( claire forlani ) ."	0
"absolutely not , but i will admit that species 2 is dopey enough that it didn't try my patience to the degree that some pseudo-intellectual bad movies do ."	0
emma thompson is wasted here as well .	0
"the characters , in the midst of the onslaught , have time to stop and discuss the lack of good coffee , failed relationships , career choices ."	0
"for robbin's it may be a nice achievement , but to me it seemed more like a friendly get together with slightly more sophisticated dialogue , and fancy outfits ."	0
""" shining "" had class , style , story , acting , but most of all talent and originality ."	0
message in a bottle is one slow moving film .	0
"at any rate , this leads to the inevitable conflicts between methodologies , none of which are funny ."	0
"so the evil one is forced to seduce the good cop in order to get the valuable information : "" you can have your wife and daughter back . . i"	0
robin williams is a comedic genus .	0
it has a vivid soundmix .	0
"ultimately , brenner gets assigned to investigate the murder and possible rape of the commanding general's daughter , a young captain also assigned to the post ."	0
rarely have i seen a director so thoroughly mishandle material .	0
glass globes blow up .	0
"once they reach space , we experience sequence after sequence of something going wrong-perhaps the fact that they sent a bunch of nincompoops into outer space has something to do with it ; i cannot count the number of times they almost fail the mission on all my fingers and toes ."	0
you're forced to swallow some pretty gruesome stuff .	0
craven's direction of scream 3 is lazy in most respects .	0
"her character , though , is hugely underwritten , one of the most wasted characters of the year ."	0
_a_night_at_the_roxbury_ takes an already-thin concept and tediously stretches it far beyond the breaking point--and that of viewers' patience levels .	0
"the acting , however , isn't bad at all ."	0
it's too long . . . far	0
"overall , then , you'd have a much better christmas if you avoid this film like something that should be avoided ( perhaps a plague )"	0
"back home , their second coupling is interrupted by ellie bursting in to tell mona she thinks porter's cheating on her ."	0
see it twice .	0
whatever uniqueness the original might've had now seems trite and overplayed when paired with this abominable thriller .	0
i certainly hope that this newer rendition will not be hurt by the insanity of jan de bont's version and that it will retain the psychological impact that the original release had .	0
have you seen either fled or bulletproof ?	0
remember the brady bunch movie or the beverly hillbillies released sometime back ?	0
it almost threatens to drop dead .	0
"luckily , a limited release has made it easy to avoid ."	0
"it's too bad because the premise of the film was interesting , but unfortunately for my friends and i , this movie turned out to be just as bad as everyone had warned us ."	0
"nobody will ever know , but as a novelty , sgt ."	0
only the opportunity to talk with the filmmakers afterwards made the movie bearable .	0
"she prances around in grimy hallways and grungy stairwells , incronguously lit by cheerfully bright spotlights ."	0
"director tim burton's unique look and style are nowhere to be found in this silly , pointless remake ."	0
"yikes , how's about taking it down a few notches there , fellas ?"	0
he's also put on quite a lot of weight .	0
"the best work , though , comes from vince vaughn , as the demented mama's boy , norman bates ."	0
you know from the outset that nick is standing in a footprint .	0
the story is full of very shallow characters that don't do much other than subsist .	0
"after freeing one of the most notorious bad guys in the city ( geoffrey rush , overacting just a bit too much ) to keep himself busy , things get out of hand when captain amazing is captured ."	0
"clarence williams iii , who plays colonel fowler in this film , is known to some from his role as "" linc "" in the original "" mod squad "" tv series ."	0
"but when i watched it , it seemed anti-climactic and only seemed to gain any momentum towards the end when everything happened at once ."	0
"i won't reveal the ending specifically ( though anyone remotely familiar with thrillers of this type could probably guess the ending just from this film review ) , but i will say that the ex has one of the biggest fire hazards appearing recently in film ."	0
"i nearly fell asleep twice during the film , and probably would have if they guy two rows behind me didn't seem to have such a personal relationship with the characters that he felt he needed to discuss every decision they made with them as the film progressed ."	0
"since he overloaded his "" hard drive "" , he's also racing against the clock before the information seeps into his brain and kills him ."	0
a man ( holgado ) who sells a bullshit detector to the butcher for his piece of meat .	0
maybe someone should ask him if he's familiar with oedipus .	0
"she was quoted as saying "" it was like i had some guardian angel . """	0
"hell , the greatest performers on the planet couldn't make this material work . . ."	0
"it's desperately unfunny , but thinks it's the funniest thing since plan 9 ; , it's so spontaneously surrealistic it makes your head spin all while being confusing enough to make your head spin twice as fast in the other direction ."	0
the circumstances that follow were obviously intended to be hilarious but they come out as anything but .	0
brian de palma has enough directorial expertise and visual wizardry up his sleeve to pull it off .	0
"instead , mcglone offers reeves the chance to help him coach a youth baseball team from the projects for a nice weekly stipend ."	0
"then , ditch the campiness and , for the love of pete , lose the "" event "" mentality and make a movie instead of a spectacle next time ."	0
perhaps carrey can take solace in the fact that his supporting actors fare no better .	0
"maybe i just felt sorry for the actors , or maybe i thought it could have been decent if the studio hadn't started tinkering with the director's ( walter hill ) final cut , causing him to want his name removed ."	0
"as a teenage sex-romp , it is not wild or amusing enough ."	0
wigand has always wanted to make tobacco safer and has natural sympathies with getting the story out .	0
"i , on the other hand , will be cleansing my palette with a good action film like gladiator . . ."	0
"during a secretive beta-testing-cum-teaser meeting for this new game , an assassination attempt on * * * life occurs and she runs off with fellow bodyguard * * * ( law ) ."	0
why are they here ?	0
"but even that interpretation assumes that characterization has to be consistent , and in generations that just doesn't happen ."	0
the very worst feature of the movie is its repulsive quasi-fascist flavor .	0
"the annoying friend is played by tom arnold , who provides most of the cacophonous slapstick , none of which is funny , such as a scene where arnold beats up a costumed "" arnie the dinosaur "" ( you draw your own parallels on that one ) in a toy store ."	0
"though several scenes bare the mark of professionalism ( such as the impressive battle scenes ) , his latest film does simply not engage ."	0
director arne glimcher never establishes exactly what his film is trying to say .	0
it receives two stars for its technically well-done special effects .	0
the few times that i laughed in austin powers were completely offset by the time i spent cringing and wanting out .	0
"when the characters are developed , they seem absurd rather than touching ."	0
"it's not the whole oral-sex/prostitution thing ( referring to grant , not me ) that bugs me , it's the fact that grant is annoying ."	0
"in fact , the script is embarrsingly weak , and the characterizations not much better . sorvino and company are as 2d as characters come , with the script not bothering to develop them ."	0
"last summer , a feature-length version of the avengers hit theaters to the tune of a unanimous critical panning ."	0
movies that are rated pg and pg-13 are heavily marketed towards children of preteen age and below .	0
"if that's not enough for you , there's richard e . grant and sandra bernhard hamming it up as a deranged couple on the brink of a convoluted economic takeover ."	0
"when the mediums in question are video game and feature film , has there ever been a respective here-to-there transformation that achieved any ground higher than noodle-headed mediocrity ?"	0
"they sit on a brand-new mercedes and the car alarm goes off , the owner is waiting in line and yells at them to get away from his car but they don't move ."	0
dierdre's groups assignment is too seize the briefcase while the current owners are transporting it .	0
their moments together or apart steal the rest of the show .	0
"lame and so obviously sexist even i ( politically incorrect , for the most part ) noticed and remarked upon it ."	0
life's only redeeming virtue is the artistry of makeup legend rick baker who flawlessly ages murphy and lawrence into 90 year olds .	0
"new york has never looked so inhospitable since "" death wish "" ."	0
"courtney shane , played by rose mcgowan , holds the title of meanest , most disrespectful soul in the school ."	0
"the only one to escape relatively unscathed is giovanni ribisi , who plays the resident crazy man , ultimately being the only thing worth watching ."	0
"the body count is surprisingly low and doesn't include any of the major characters , and most annoyingly kelly and hector insist that they capture the crocodile alive rather than killing it ."	0
"while we are on the subject of getting shot , why in hades were those fbi guys sitting with their backs to the door ?"	0
"so quickly we descend into a tightly-edited air traffic controllers montage which screams to us in large capital letters these people have a difficult job , yes , what with their frantic , mile-a-minute instructional personas , juggling planes and passenger's lives like some huge , real , mid-air video game ."	0
informs eve ) .	0
the only thing saving it from a 0/10 rating is that being able to rent a movie like this is slightly less embarassing than renting a porno .	0
"while his face is so supple that the rubber make-up seems superfluous , carrey brings nothing else to the role ."	0
"mind you , i won't go as far as to say that it's the "" worst movie of the year "" ( remember that i actually have to go see freddie prinze jr . movies also ! ) , but it's definitely the worst film that i've seen during this summer movie season ( of course , it's still early and i'm sure there are a few more garbage heaps coming down the pike ) ."	0
this film is also a prime example of how horror films are now completely dead in the water .	0
i am continually amazed at movies like this .	0
"her beauty , unlike her unbearable cuteness in french kiss , is mature , intelligent , and winning ."	0
but it's not boring : it's loud and excessive and completely incoherent .	0
"in fact , miramax subsidiary dimension films was so fearful of the critical reaction to this picture that reviewers were shut out of advance screenings ."	0
ears hurt ! ) .	0
believe me ; i wanted to like babe : pig in the city .	0
alex proyas's new movie screams atmosphere .	0
"backing up , the married couple is brad and caroline sexton ( allen and alley ) , a popular snobby duo who seem totally in love to everyone else , but in reality are on the brink of divorce ."	0
"sure , g makes people feel good ."	0
"annie wilson ( cate blanchett ) , a widow who struggles to raise her children in a small town in georgia is asked for help by local authorities in solving the case of a missing woman ."	0
"and the more he becomes involved in this disturbing case , the more he gets in over his head ."	0
"it's set in london , and it opens as model kate rebuffs sexual advances by a wealthy american shopper , vanni ."	0
but to be on the safe side i am opting to recommend you save your money and not go to see this movie .	0
those who are dumb enough to stray off on their own will ultimately get killed .	0
leggings ) .	0
"by the time he reaches the island , he will almost be dead from the "" brain cloud "" anyway , so joe agrees ."	0
tut tut .	0
"with anne out of town , he must find a willing bride to share his riches with . . ."	0
"sorvino is o . k , although she's not very good at conveying terror , or anything emotion really ."	0
"i still know what you did last summer , though cashing in on the success of the original , ultimately serves as a vehicle for these two young actresses ."	0
"i always consider it an index of a movie's desperation when it is able to present shocking and outlandish events , and somehow not have them generate an ounce of impact ."	0
"france was involved in "" the hundred years war "" against england ."	0
they were so busy trying to fill specific roles that they forgot one in general that would've made all the difference- a story writer .	0
"as mentioned before , the interaction between the bookseller and the older man is generally pretty good ."	0
"admittedly , pacino does nothing new and michael madsen ( sonny ) simply smirks his way through the picture like a slightly subdued mr . white , but both possess an unmistakable sly charm ."	0
it extends the life and expands the consciousness of those who consume it .	0
* = poor show .	0
"in the film's major sub-plot , data decides to use a chip which will give him human emotions , a chip he has had in his possession for over a year ."	0
"the movie ends , the audience runs out to their cars , vomits over the pavement , and attempts to drive home ."	0
"anyone off the street could have played the role , such as it is ."	0
"if you're going to create a film that will appeal primarily to big-name actors and people who know woody allen , then why waste the time of the rest of us peons by playing it in theaters ?"	0
"critique : this would be a good movie if it wasn't for the fact that it's got very little to say , features uncaring people sharing annoying phone conversations , is chockfull of bad acting moments and provides less emotional satisfaction than any third-rate after-school special ."	0
the characters are so bad that the viewer doesn't care about any of them .	0
"i haven't seen "" dante's peak "" but i've heard it's a masterpiece compared to this ."	0
i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .	0
he sees that behind the facade that there is really a sad little girl within alessa who really will not be happy with the rich art collector she is dating .	0
"at one moment he can try to pressure a male employee into a sexual situation , then at the next moment apologize for his bad behavior and offer the young man a handful of cash ."	0
mortensen showed promise in the past .	0
"melissa joan hart ( from abc's "" sabrina , the teenage witch "" ) likes a hunky stud on the basketball team ."	0
( oops ) i packed up the wife and headed to les cinemas del diablo ( my name for our local multi-multi-plex . )	0
it's the kind of movie where characters run into each other just as a loud clash reverberates on the soundtrack .	0
aside from jared leto and joshua jackson ( who aren't on the screen long enough ) no one in urban legend makes the grade .	0
kissing a fool runs 1 : 45 .	0
"whether this project will end up a play , film , or opera remains undecided ."	0
"the film goes on for over an hour and a half , through stupidity after stupidity , moronic twist after moronic twist , and soon there's the little ironic ( ! ! ! )"	0
"the murders and attempted murders in that film were vivid and scary , but trey callaway's derivative "" i still know "" screenplay makes the fisherman just as dumb as his pretty potential victims ."	0
"this is another "" scream "" -like feature , consisting merely from the recycled materials of rip-offs from the most pointless movies of all time ."	0
"yes , it's blade squad , the fox network's wednesday night movie of the week ."	0
it's a perfect example of what my wife calls an s . f . e .	0
"feeling minnesota left me feeling used , and there's not much funny about that ."	0
"well , the smart little lab researchers believed that they would be able to discover many advancements in science from studying the alien creature ."	0
the follow-up to one of the most successful horror films ever is nothing more than a bad slasher movie .	0
their second collaboration is a downbeat theatrical drama about a young intern ( georgina cates ) struggling to survive in post-w . w . ii	0
eliot ( corbin allred ) reader .	0
the amazing crispin glover lends his acting chops as a crazed henchmen involved in all the nasty things that happen to the angels -- like battling each of them in many round-robin matrix rip-off ( again ) fight sequences and harboring a strange attraction to sliced-off locks of the angels' hair .	0
"when we finally hear it , the saying sounds like something every five-year-old learns on their first day of sunday school , which means that for all its flash , the whole film is really much ado about nothing ."	0
"tom sizemore ( saving private ryan ) , robert wagner ( austin powers ii : the spy who shagged me ) , and richard masur ( fire down below ) are crooked promoters , lucy liu ( payback ) is a sex-starved hitchhiker looking for a good time , and lolita davidovich ( gods and monsters ) , is the shared girlfriend who can't make her mind up which boxer she prefers ."	0
what drama ! !	0
tsui utilizes so many tricks that he makes john woo look tame by comparison .	0
"the characters also make incredibly dumb moves , especially paltrow , and stephen appears to lose all intelligence in the last reel ."	0
"although i was at first enraged that an established film critic could so callously ruin a film for thousands of patrons , i soon realized that this turn of events could in fact have been a blessing in disguise ; i've always been a sucker for surprise endings ( my favorite movie is the usual suspects ) and rarely dislike a film that sports one ."	0
"while the special effects are pleasing to the eye , they are nothing you couldn't find in most modern sci-fi films ."	0
mortensen turns in one of the most uptight performance in recent memory .	0
"just because the protagonist , a "" bad guy , "" is played by mel gibson doesn't mean i will "" root for him , "" and i didn't ."	0
.	0
"prozac , lithium , kava , ritalin , something , anything ."	0
even watching the adventures of kleenex man would be more interesting than spawn .	0
be very afraid .	0
vampires starts out almost in the style of a spaghetti western with an attack on a small homestead in new mexico .	0
did i do something bad ?	0
this has not always been carpenter's style .	0
"maybe i wasn't in the mood to watch a mindless action movie ; i am the same person that liked lethal weapon iii , even while admitting that it wasn't as good as the others ."	0
the technique is to suggest rather than to show and let the actors and the viewer's imagination carry the film as robert wise did with the haunting .	0
"in "" twilight , "" a ex-alcoholic , ex-cop , ex-husband , ex-private-eye , harry ross ( paul newman ) , works for a pair of aging hollywood actors , catherine ( susan sarandon ) and jack ames ( gene hackman ) ."	0
"crystal ignores a simple , but crucial , rule : for a screwball comedy to work , the characters must be placed into a rigid social setting , because only in that context will their unorthodox antics be humorous ."	0
"in the first movie , christopher lambert played raiden and played his character as though he was in on the joke : a french actor playing a japanese thunder god being revered by chinese mystics ."	0
"the days of jurassic park , when viewers were astounded by the mere spectacle of seeing something big and imposing on screen , are past ."	0
"and , it pains me that mariah carey -- with her ego and sanity in such fragile condition these days , as evidenced by her multiple hospital stays -- will have to suffer through all the negative reviews she's likely to get ."	0
this is where things start to degenerate to something that becomes almost un-watchable .	0
"let's rope in that morgan to help us out . """	0
we get no feel for the miracle that is the violin .	0
"using his newfound abilities , he sets himself in complete pursuit of the job ( unaware that there may be some disadvantageous side-effects to having super senses ) ."	0
"for some reason , it's never crossed anyone's mind that the real equation is quality films = more profit ."	0
"the central fault in this updating is mike hammer , whose character was lost in the shuffle while updating from the fifties to the eighties ."	0
nothing could be further from the truth .	0
"the catch phrase for disney's rocket man is one spoken by fred z . randall ( harland williams ) , the bumbling idiot computer programmer turned astronaut who continuously wreaks havoc everywhere he goes ."	0
"unfortunately , the latter is true for this worthless picture with little charm ."	0
this is not to imply by any means that he is no longer a genius or capable of bringing more masterpieces to the table .	0
"about knocking on the door and arresting his sorry ass , officers ? !"	0
this is already a problem .	0
just packaged to look that way because someone is apparently assuming that the genre is still hot with the kids .	0
"they know their work , and seeing their thought patterns adds some interest to the film , but for this group deep feeling between two people is teaming up with another killer so that neither is killed ."	0
the number of cliches and shallow characters made the film difficult to sit through seriously hurting its attempt of having a fast paced premise .	0
"i can't think of one memorable set-piece in the entire--and very dull-- "" the world is not enough . """	0
for all the money they could have done better .	0
dune is set in a universe ruled by powerful families overseen by a successive line of emperors .	0
""" the jackal "" tries to mix both elements ."	0
"as she confronts her son , who doesn't even know who she is , are we supposed to break into tears ? ?"	0
"the two are so different from each other , that a scene of how this odd friendship developed should have been mandatory ."	0
"why can satan kill everyone he passes on the street , but when it comes to snuffing out one drunk ex-cop , he's powerless ?"	0
"and no , a movie does not need a big budget or cgi special effects to be scary or creepy ."	0
"also , much of the action takes place during torrential downpours or at night , which made battles very difficult to follow ."	0
forget get carter .	0
"now , toilet humour can be funny , as dumb and dumber ( 1994 ) humorously showed ."	0
"to my relief ( and delight ) , it never got into production , because the sword and the sorcerer laid an egg at the box office , grossing only $39 million ."	0
many people do not know that wing commander is based on a star wars computer game .	0
"in new york , that very night , a girl is born to fulfill the prophecy ."	0
"if looks were enough to fully convey a character , she would have been brilliant ."	0
"in this film , three independent-minded men suddenly found themselves on a fishing boat in pursuit of a deadly shark ."	0
here is an example of the wonderful dialog .	0
the last 20 minutes especially degenerates into such lunacy that you'll be laughing more than you'll be screaming .	0
"at the beginning of eye of the storm , 1991 german- american thriller directed by yuri zeltser , one of such places becomes deadly for their owners who get murdered during the stick up ."	0
"sam convinces max to go back to america with him so they can make lots of money , and so their various subplots can all be resolved ."	0
"in the last weeks before the picture opened , while multitudes of fans waited outside of theaters and stood in the boiling sun days in advance just to be the first ones in the theater , i was tired of hearing about it ."	0
part of the charm of the tv series was its sly irreverence which has gone down the toilet in the condescending movie .	0
deep rising's peril in the water scenes pale next to cameron's ( but can you really blame them ) .	0
why are two such disparate people like bunz and rushon best friends ?	0
"he makes his own tribe , using his three children as actors in a video ."	0
it shouldn't take long for the observant moviegoer to realize that bad things are about to happen to mr . pitt .	0
this is not the way to get any message across .	0
arye cross is the stereotypical single male who falls in love .	0
i think throughout the short 90 minutes i laughed a total of seven times . . . and	0
"as our story opens , the movie pretentiously informs us that of the tens of thousands of firefighters only 400 are "" smokejumpers . """	0
the thing that interested me most about this movie was the caretaker of this building played by bruce dern .	0
"snipes is off to the white house , where he finds the secret service head ( the shiny bald head of daniel benzali ) won't cooperate with him at all ."	0
"that's until broderick explains that godzilla reproduces asexually , like linda tripp ."	0
"for better or worse , the appearance of basic instinct in the movie marketplace gave the greenlight to a whole slew of overheated , oversexed , underwritten thrillers ."	0
the film ends on a whimper . . . with	0
cool .	0
"no reason whatsoever , just off with his head , literally ."	0
maybe some stunts .	0
"it is edgar's ( bruno putzulu ) self-appointed task to capture these moments after a recent breakup , to define a central idea : "" it's only when things are over that they make sense . """	0
"well , if i was , i sure missed that boat , because the only thing that i ended up caring about during this entire picture was the obscene amount of fat that tom hanks has been able to burrow under his loose chin ."	0
strike two came while the previews played .	0
"not only is it storm season , not only is the desk clerk ( the frighteners' jeffrey combs ) a jerk , not only are the few island residents and our heroic vacationers getting picked off by the resourceful willis one-by-one , but the karaoke machine isn't working properly !"	0
"the movie begins in the prison in northern ireland , where gaerity ( tommy lee jones ) , ira terrorist with the great talent to make lethal explosive devices from almost any material , escapes from prison ."	0
"it's a sick trick , and one jamie lee wasn't let in on ."	0
the whole point here is how could a man be so blatantly forgetful .	0
i hope another film is made from an ed wood screenplay for i woke up early the day i died is not a fitting send-off .	0
"he thought paulie was funny , and the actress that played marie was quite good ."	0
"though an arguable improvement over the original , ace ventura : when nature calls is still a snooze for anyone over the age of ten ."	0
"and schneider , here to provide comic relief i assume , is totally unfunny and over acts his way through every scene ."	0
he sends his goons to run the townsfolk out .	0
where do i begin ?	0
robbins plays an exec who discovers his wife having sex with his boss .	0
avoid .	0
"nothing more , nothing less ."	0
not to mention the movie is set in thailand and a global cast makes more sense .	0
"so , most of the film deals with the slow realization by robbie that he and julia are in love , and his attempts to stop the wedding ."	0
co-star eddie griffin ( really the star of the show ) is quite a different story .	0
"and during each of these scenes , i was sidetracked by my earlier question ."	0
"i usually don't like to get so personal , but in this case , i think it needs to be said ."	0
"blythe danner is solid as claudia's housebound mother , connie britton is suitably high-strung as claudia's neurotic sister , and jennifer esposito is eye-catching as a bartender in search of a little romance ."	0
"something smells rotten in the state of california right from the get-go : cotton weary ( liev schrieber ) , the former lover and would-be killer of maureen prescott , sidney's mother , is juggling phone calls in his luxury car ."	0
"i have not read the play , or seen the oscar winning , 1956 film adaption , but from what i can tell , the screenplay for the 1999 version completely butchers the play , for the king and i is never magical , nor interesting ."	0
"the best part of the film is the dinner scene heche and vaughn , where they simply talk ."	0
"even jason lee , a personal favorite of mine , was left out to dry with lame dialogue and one of the phoniest romances to hit the big screen in a while ."	0
"heckerling misses her shot at having dora transform herself into a role model , and while such arcs may not be heckerling's social responsibility , it is a privilege i would have taken advantage of if i were in her shoes ."	0
"long's acting talents are above those of , say , steven seagal , but not by much ."	0
"his talent and charisma are needed here more than any where else , since it actually saves the film from a complete embarrassment ."	0
""" in dreams "" might keep you awake at night , but not because of its creepy imagery , bizarre visual style or story about a clairvoyant madman who lures young girls to their untimely deaths ."	0
"desperate to win over the press , the studio elects to hire lee ( billy crystal ) , a recently fired publicist , to salvage the situation ."	0
"without saying a word , he is easily the most charismatic person in the movie ."	0
"phaedra cinema , the distributor of such never-heard-of classics as "" soft toilet seats , "" "" trailer : the movie , "" and "" the one armed boxer vs . the flying guillotine , "" has sneaked its latest release , "" the sculptress , "" into a few theaters this weekend hoping to cash in on a handful of halloween holidaygoers looking for a right good scare ."	0
"an hour of "" angel "" or "" buffy "" is scarier than this doozy that tries to be scary and shtick but falls flat on its face ."	0
"baldwin's wife recently died and he moved to seattle with his son , jonah , seeking to get away from the familiar surroundings which remind him of his late spouse ."	0
": ) writer william gibson immigrated from the us to canada in 1968 , after being rejected for the draft ."	0
"he tries his best to enliven the token african-american role , but how can anyone recite insulting , derivative lines such as "" i'm gonna get african on someone's ass "" and not appear ridiculous ?"	0
bang . . . . . was the sequence where the cruise liner sideswipes the oil tanker .	0
"the plotting of "" varsity blues "" is as old as the hills , and contains every cliche in the book ."	0
"the story revolves around his past , in flashback form , making it even more confusing ."	0
""" mandingo "" is satisfied to simply show some skin , and because of that , its "" trashy potboiler "" nature overshadows any potential social good it might have accomplished ."	0
how is that possible ?	0
"he keeps the narrative moving , no matter how muddy the story--or the heroine--gets ."	0
it even fails to be an entertaining bad movie .	0
because something's got to account for her losing that many iq points .	0
"he leads a solitary life , helping out the monks at a local monastery ."	0
"he is supposed to bring laughs for the kidlets , but even at age five i would have cringed while watching him ."	0
"so he does , and we get the obligatory drill sergeant from hell , head-shaving and marching/singing sequences , more mind-numbingly stale here than ever ."	0
in a wistful display of resignation and understanding she tells her friend and jailer ( marg helgenberger ) : `i think of all the places that i will never see and all the people that i will never meet . '	0
virtual seduction is one of those harmless movies to which you could do some light manual labor and not mind having it on in the background .	0
and of course anyone as beautiful as alicia automatically spends their friday nights at home ( at least that movie critic at large guy does ) .	0
"the story is told by shane o'shea ( ryan phillippe ) , a new jersey lad who dreams of crossing the river to the big apple ."	0
however director francois girard fails to make any emotional connection with the viewer .	0
"we know they're going to happen and some , we even look forward to ."	0
"paul's relationship with his father and associates is more intimate , with moments of humour and warmth lacking previously ."	0
"penn , who also slips into an impression of his brother sean , is even better as a loser tough guy cop ."	0
"for reasons we won't go into here , this opens the gates of hell which must be closed by all saints day or the dead will rise and walk the earth ."	0
"this script goes all over the map , giving you the feeling that it'd just love to be allegory , but it's not sure about what-- maybe if you give it time it'll think of something ."	0
"she figures out what's really going on after getting roughed up by some fbi men and doing an internet search , where all good journalists learn the difference between a mistress and an extinction- level comet ."	0
"elizabeth berkley makes a laughable try as the heroine of this film , that is bad even for eszterhas' script ."	0
"little known facts about this film and its stars : will smith has starred in two of the ten all-time top grossing films worldwide : 1997's summer blockbuster men in black ( 7/10 ) , for which he also recorded the grammy-winning title song , and 1996's independence day ( 6/10 ) ."	0
"turns out robin still pines for his high school sweetheart lise ( brooke langton ) , who has long gone on with her life , and hughes's main concern at long last reveals itself as a tired "" live in the present and for the future "" message ."	0
"but "" french twist "" is just pretty lame ."	0
"while he and his partner ( played by keenen ivory wayans ) are investigating a series of ritual killings , cole himself becomes a suspect , especially when a background check run by campbell reveals practically nothing on cole ."	0
"wild wild west is such a movie , and will probably go down as one of the biggest disappointments of 1999 ."	0
i love movies .	0
and how did those gregorian monks deal with time zones in their prophecies ?	0
which brings me to another aspect of urban legend : it's unoriginality .	0
"the actors are dull , the script awful , and the plot which there isn't much of . . . . really"	0
"unlike the other five chapters , children of the corn 666 is a confusing , brainless thriller that takes the psychological horror route rather than slasher horror , but either way , none of these movies are the least bit scary ."	0
his sense of joy and accomplishment is one any computer whiz can appreciate .	0
"we never get a hint about how any of this has changed anyone , only how they felt about things that didn't even happen yet ."	0
hope the opening box office take makes it worthwhile .	0
"the only thing that couldn't be sold , is this stiff story and tired plot line ."	0
welcome to `ready to rumble' .	0
he sits down and starts playing .	0
and i like good thought-provoking questions .	0
"and what about all those catchy , hip names to get us to relate to the characters . . . . "" elvis """	0
new producer kate newell ( kelly preston ) is supposed to whip things into shape .	0
"the fact is that there is yet another way of looking at last man standing , which is as the first film version of the story which nods to the _real_ source material , the dashiell hammett novel _red harvest_ ."	0
a fan of the wrestlers who are featured in the film probably wrote it .	0
"and quite frankly , i doubt i'll see anything equally bad ."	0
"you see , patch adams revolted me beyond all boundaries ."	0
it's all too obvious that helen slater is hooked to wires .	0
i'm filing a lawsuit against you .	0
god help us .	0
they only talk about what might make up possibly 3 to 4 minutes of screen time .	0
one of the most glaring problems with long ( who made his acting debut in john woo's broken arrow ) is that he's so mediocre that he often blends in with the scenery .	0
this is a further abandonment of the source material .	0
i am absolutely in amazement that some people find this movie scary .	0
""" porky's , "" ultimately manages to fail on almost every possible level ."	0
"so , why not crimefighters with jet-powered roller blades ?"	0
they had characters who talked with funny accents in an attempt to make you laugh .	0
not all films have to be filled with special effects and sweeping panoramas .	0
"they fix on a name rita for her , but are not sure if this right or not ."	0
mayhem follows them .	0
"i looked for the "" action "" but couldn't find it ."	0
this looks terrific and i was very surprised to hear that the cruise liner in it was . . . . completely	0
"of all the women in the film--and there are many--alyson reed , alone , stands out as zach's wife ; reed brings intelligence and sensitivity to the role ."	0
"_babe_ is sent out to save the hoggett farm , but once in the city , that story is forgotten ."	0
"actually , there's a couple of pretty good jabs at the spice girls ."	0
my sentiments exactly .	0
i laughed at all these .	0
the neat thing is that the two actors are able to get fresh laughs from stale material .	0
"even if she knew what she was making was not exactly up to par in the quality department , she nonetheless is very good , and the two scenes that work , flashbacks to christmas 1988 , when she had a heartbreaking run-in with her mother , and to halloween 1993 , when lou crashed her son's birthday party in a drunken stupor , are effective because of the realism ryan brings to the situations ."	0
"the bottom line : just like a slasher movie , this ? 80s comedy is just one too many ."	0
"charlie , meanwhile , is resentful of having born in a town where hockey is the only measure of a man's worth ."	0
"i think fincher was acting as if the film is moodier and more poignant than it really is , which is probably one of the reasons it fails miserably ."	0
he will select a group of slaves to secretly mine out a gold ore site .	0
"the child enola , played by tina majorino , is living proof that a child actor need not be a bad thing to have in a movie ; she outshines her material all the way through ."	0
"in this way , he can be seen as "" above the law , "" but he still adheres strictly to her own personal code of conduct , his own morality ."	0
"well , a scumball buys a chinese puzzle from a guy in an arab souk ."	0
"lots of slime and red-dyed corn syrup does not constitute "" horror , "" in my opinion ."	0
"the movie's one main asset is the surprising performance by mike myers as steve rubell , the famous owner of the nightspot ."	0
"at the same time , not one but two hit men are preparing to kill clint eastwood when he arrives ."	0
i suggest that all ladies take their husbands/boyfriends to see this movie if they are pissed off at them about something !	0
a big-budget and glossy production can not make up for a lack of spontaneity that permeates their tv show .	0
"from dusk till dawn ( director/editor : robert rodriguez ; screenwriters : quentin tarantino/robert kurtzman ( story ) ; cinematographer : guillermo navarro ; cast : quentin tarantino ( richie gecko ) , george clooney ( seth gecko ) , juliette lewis ( kate fuller ) , harvey keitel ( jacob fuller ) , ernest liu ( scott fuller ) , salma hayek ( santanico pandemonium ) , tom savini ( sex machine ) , fred williamson ( frost ) , cheech marin ( border guard/chet pussy/carlos ) , michael parks ( texas ranger ) , brenda hillhouse ( hostage gloria ) ; runtime : 108 ; dimension films ; 1996 )"	0
"ultimately , it is little more than a ridiculous action film with a plot as believable as the warren report , ugly violence that would have made peckinpah cringe , and terrible acting by b-list actors like michael biehn and anne archer ."	0
it contains several scenes of sex sans nudity .	0
"still , i can't recall a comedy about the subject before bye bye love ."	0
the film comes briefly to life .	0
"it's probably not surprising that his hateful little boy , unfortunately blessed 'ani' by everyone he knows , joins the dark side and kills everyone as quickly as possible ."	0
"as often happens with writers who are working below what they are actually capable of , most of the really good lines are throwaways , while the big , painstaking gags mostly fall flat ."	0
the movie's music soars over its story and performers .	0
"and behind the whole scheme , in cahoots with the head gang , the kod ( no , not "" cod "" , but "" knights of destruction "" . . . really ! ) , is none other than . . . the"	0
"as retribution , she confesses to her husband that she once had deep feelings for a naval officer she eyeballed at a hotel where she and bill once stayed ."	0
"with crude humor , an intolerable script and 2 hours and 19 minutes of pure torture , i'm surprised i didn't walk out ."	0
it puts itself so far out in front of the movie that everything else gets lost .	0
she may want to consider this to become her standard look from this point forward .	0
"the sole purpose of this scene seemed to be to set up the subsequent chopper rescue scene , which i suppose was intended to be dramatic as well ."	0
the real offender here is screenwriter gerald di pego .	0
"talking of pants , parillaud has her clothes off faster than you can say "" point of no return . """	0
"basically , he says , it boils down to a lack of imagination among the majority of writers ."	0
"there are no surprises awaiting the audience in the jackal , no moment when you say to yourself , "" i wonder what happens next ? """	0
"steve buscemi pops up in a funny cameo , and his scenes are pretty funny ."	0
he even stoops so low to put them into children's toys .	0
the thrills and action are lazy and mechanical .	0
"if you don't think kevin kline in drag is funny , wait ? til you see will smith in drag-it's even less funny ."	0
and those elements alone are not enough to make it a good film .	0
to hell with reasons !	0
kevin does not help matters by dismissing his wife .	0
"it ends with the same results that happened to hubby number one , as its story of ambition and lust winds down in a whimper ."	0
"gruffudd is cute and harmless , perhaps , but evans can't even aspire to that ."	0
his childhood is cruelty and competition .	0
"the rest of the movie has them fighting the park's overpopulation of prairie dogs as well as a deranged ex-ranger , played by dennis hopper , who is out to stop old faithful before its billionth birthday celebration , scheduled for later in the week ."	0
"this film's narrative is little more than a jumbled , unfunny mess ."	0
wouldn't the flames burn off the fingerprints ?	0
will we see blood and intestines spattering on every place imaginable ?	0
the best moments of the film are in the opning scenes where kurt russel's character todd is shown growing up under strict military supervision .	0
these circa-10th century clashes involve a roving band of cannibalistic creatures capable of decapitating opponents with their bare hands and a dozen norse soldiers out to stop them from terrorizing the viking countryside .	0
"one scene in which a slightly de-glamed helen hunt ( de-glamed here means that not only is she a fashion victim [her look is somewhere between goth queen and trailer park mama] , hunt's hair is also natty and badly bleached ) verbally castigates spacey , feels right out of her as good as it gets oscar clip ."	0
lost in space luckily doesn't suffer in every single category that it could have .	0
"they're doubly troubled when the return of darren's 'one and only love' sandy perkins ( amanda detmer , "" final destination "" ) returns to their home town but doesn't cause a ripple in darren's devotion to judith ."	0
"this time around , the man with no name is played by bruce willis , a fellow with a shady history of an undefined nature who rolls into the texas border town of jericho one day on his way to mexico ."	0
it appears to kill men because it just likes too .	0
rated r .	0
"the early wave of this revival , while just as cheesy and laughable , at least knew to include thrills every five to ten minutes ."	0
please have mercy .	0
"in a disaster movie , there's usually one guy who's greedy enough to cover up the possibility of eruption/fire/earthquake/explosion/tsunami/tornado/meteorite , and usually gets killed by the disaster ."	0
but beck's family and emotional problems take a back seat to the action and thrills in dead-bang .	0
""" neither have i , "" rebuts perry ."	0
sam is broke .	0
it is that kind of exhausting excess to which cage is responding with his detached performance .	0
"the stunts and action are badly filmed , and badly choreographed ."	0
"then the she moves in with a family , befriends everyone in town -- including ashley judd's character ( who has five kids and still can work part-time as a nurse ) -- fights off religious freaks , survives a tornado , breaks the heart of the wacky librarian that saved her , receives an inheritance , builds a martha stewart-esque house , becomes an award-winning photographer , and manages to always look like she stepped out of a cosmo shoot , all while not once doing anything with her kid ."	0
"pacing of the film is simply too slow to thrill the viewers , and those patient enough to sit through its entirety have to wait a long time between any interesting or significant developments ."	0
"why has he done this , you ask ?"	0
"their passengers , led by the ominous wes studi , are the type of multi-national terrorist squads usually only seen in die hard films ."	0
and of course their almost supernatural accuracy with their guns was called upon to get them out of far too many close calls .	0
"sadly , they start being butchered one by one by the bloodthirsty killer ."	0
lack of dialogue makes him the ultimate caricature .	0
"so for the first half hour of the film , you're basically just sitting there , watching these two "" lovers "" go through the motions until the "" betrayal "" occurs ."	0
"at least the former "" ellen "" star is going for something a little different ."	0
"it would have been simple enough to have them somehow entangled at that point , but instead they run into each other the next day because they're leaving their parole officers at exactly the same moment ."	0
"without a doubt , the best thing about home fries is barrymore ; at the risk of sounding sexist , she's never looked better than here , as a curly redhead with twinkling eyes ."	0
"and just two days before his release , too ."	0
"most of the time , they're probably thinking about killing their agents or wondering if making this movie marks the end of their careers ."	0
"but then rupert graves gives us so heroic performance as prentice , the guy who never grew up ( and if there is a bafta prize for most convincing portrayal of a rabid fan at a buzzcocks' concert , he should win that too ) that i guess there's no reason to explain why he's so screwed up ."	0
"but , although salon kitty doesn't happen to be anything more than rather more stylish and expensive soft porn ( although not very successful ; some of supposedly erotic scenes are quite unappealing ) , it does try to have more multidimensional characters and even something resembling dramatic conflict - this time between power-hungry and scruples wallenberg and hedonistic womanhood symbolised by kitty ."	0
"even the credit sequence seemed to be out of a steve martin , or chevy chase , eighties comedy ."	0
"most of our planet is devastated , with humans living in a few protected cities ."	0
"writer/director edward burns has trotted out a hackneyed storyline , the trajectory of which will be instantly recognizable to anyone who hasn't spent their life in seclusion ."	0
"nothing wrong with that , but she entered the room from the floor and knew exactly where the mask was - so why didn't she and macdougal tunnel in directly under the mask instead of the other side of the room ?"	0
"better yet , rewatch the original . . . you'll"	0
i can think of at least two other superior films where watching the film didn't mean we were seeing what was really happening .	0
"there's the expected amount of toilet humor in "" deuce . """	0
"since the characters are immediately generalized as either greedy or caring , the expectations of who will survive or not is killed five minutes after you meet them ."	0
"cell-phones ring every five minutes , and everyone hurriedly rushes along , leaving marginal time for the frustrated viewer to relate to the sisters' issues and problems ."	0
"a line of students is outside at night , peering through telescopes at the dark sky above ."	0
"again , maybe i'm missing the satirical point that harmon is trying to make , but if so , i think it could have been handled a little more tactfully ."	0
"i'd try to discourage any further obsession myself , lest any kid seeing this movie think it's a wonderful thing to con your dad into racing out to buy you any toy you want ."	0
"the dialogue is strictly b-movie material , and the plotting relies too heavily on coincidences to be believable ."	0
wife ( or girlfriend ) questions her partners' murderous activities and leaves him .	0
willis and baldwin are just overplaying to type .	0
the fart jokes surrounding the spleen are surprisingly the only gags that work .	0
"this of course , leads to more massive carnage , blood shed , and graphic depictions of limbs and heads being ripped and severed from their bodies ."	0
"the setting seems perfect for a high- energy battle of the sexes with partisanship thrown into the mix , but that's never the tone that underwood is going for ."	0
"though not without redeeming qualities , this film is bad ."	0
"( he uses the word "" leverage "" like some sort of scientologist mantra . )"	0
"but just when you think the filmmakers are having fun with you , they take themselves seriously ."	0
"the men in the picture don't do much better -- joe mantegna is pretty dull as the man who remarries robin , while dicaprio , as a christian slater/johnny depp-type spoiled young actor , is funny but disengaging ."	0
"the film is full of these half-thought-through ideas that give the impression of any old gaffer , grip or makeup artist throwing in random stuff and saying , "" wouldn't that be funny ? "" ."	0
milo o'shea ( who looks like an irish tom snyder ) is the matchmaker who pops onscreen occasionally to spew his words of wisdom and bring lonely souls together .	0
"for most of us , i think that childhood fascination with bodily functions disappears when we hit the far-side of puberty and discover how funny sex is ."	0
"if you've ever seen a movie , which you probably have considering you are on this website , you should know about all of the trivia they post before a movie ."	0
so i didn't expect too much from this .	0
this is a film that takes itself seriously .	0
also along the way are some other messages mashed together to create an even more overwhelming experience .	0
is he ?	0
"after 92 minutes , it ends ."	0
"which is why his performance in "" what's the worst that could happen ? """	0
i took one lesson away from watching tarzan and the lost city -- ape men and bones that morph into skeletal warriors don't mix .	0
""" wild things "" could be classified as a black comedy , a sultry film noir or a plain ol' erotic thriller , but the one category it doesn't qualify for is that of a quality motion picture ."	0
"all this sloppiness can be attributed to the screenwriters , one of whom , scott silver , is also the director ."	0
the big hit of the title refers to a kidnapping that happens a quarter of the way through the film .	0
"matthau , whose magnificently rumpled face looks like a big pile of laundry with eyes , has a field day as oscar , the crown prince of the curmudgeons ."	0
"okay , if the videotapes were being buried , then how were they recording themselves . . . oh ,"	0
"charlize theron , an extraordinary talent , is , like affleck , playing whatever part the script requires her to play , whether it be vulnerability at one moment , anger at the next ."	0
critique : i did not laugh once during this entire picture .	0
"instead of "" will they meet ? """	0
"i'm not saying all of them should be star trek ii : the wrath of khan , but this one boldly went where no movie should go again ."	0
"instead , the film just gives quirky a bad name ."	0
"here and there men lose limbs ; in one scene miller is pulling a man to safety , there's an explosion , and miller looks back to see he is only pulling half a man ."	0
it has a vivid soundmix .	0
"it's an efficient , effective set-up for the character , who is clearly nobody's idea of a hero at the outset ."	0
"anyhoo , freddie prinze jr . . . . nuff"	0
i considered it inexcusable the way the audience was toyed with .	0
"it's quite funny to see a film indulge , with the straightest of faces , in all those cheesy horror movie cliches that wes craven lampooned so well ( and so recently ) in scream ."	0
"for an enjoyable performance by timothy hutton , plot holes the size of godzilla , getting our intelligence insulted and several "" oh come on ! """	0
"one of the reason would surely be films like national lampoon's loaded weapon 1 , that , in many ways , symbolise the biggest problem of contemporary american film industry - lack of originality and ideas ."	0
handling such a ridiculous task is incredibly difficult and pitt deserves some credit for his work .	0
"as for nudity , it is very sparse , but at least we get to see angela zimmerly ( far and away the most attractive cast member ) before her body is bruised , torn , and bloodied by the dragging incident ."	0
and guess what ?	0
he is tragically unbelievable and comically bad .	0
"sebastian valmont lives with his stepsister , kathryn merteuil ( sarah michelle gellar ) , the bitch-queen of the universe , and also the woman every man wants ."	0
and no wonder .	0
"while the comedy sequences are never complete , a few are elaborate and some quite funny ."	0
"his new case is lee cullen , played by vanessa williams who , unlike all the other scumbags he's ever relocated , is "" an actual , real life honest person . """	0
i did everything i possibly could to stay awake during the screening . . .	0
"the story deals with the love affair between tenley ( jessica biel ) , a wealthy cape cod girl and ryan ( prinze ) , a local boy from a working class family who dreams of becoming a big-time baseball star ."	0
what does jack proceed to do ?	0
"oh , it starts deceptively okay , with a handful of intriguing characters and some solid location work ."	0
"instead , it depends upon a series of humorous situations : oscar and felix lose the car over a cliff , are caught smuggling mexicans over the border , take up with two women on the run from their violent husbands ( the women are played by christine baranski of "" cybill "" and jean smart of "" designing women "" ) , and hitch a ride with a man who dies in the desert ."	0
"worst of all , godzilla isn't even exciting ."	0
terrific closure .	0
"as in all psychological thrillers , the battle lines are clearly drawn ."	0
"we could paraphrase michelle pfieffer's character in dangerous minds and say that beyond rangoon starts with an "" a . """	0
here's the cool sight : he melts .	0
"all that , the depth and true horror of the book is gone and only special effects make you remain in your seat ."	0
"mack is also being tailed by a couple of cops , one an inexperienced rookie ( dominic sweeney ) , the other ( john flaus ) a worn out veteran who frequents wendy's jazz club ."	0
"disney's "" air bud "" tells a boy-and-his-dog story with a twist -- the pooch is quite an accomplished basketball player ."	0
ted tries to escape and we cheer him on so it will end soon .	0
"eric roberts as bubba rocque , always believable as the woman-abusing bad guy who knows how to box ( see final analysis , coincidentally also directed by phil joanou ) is believable here as the woman-abusing bad guy who knows how to box ."	0
and what a delicious piece of campery it often is .	0
"it's up to laura and her former partner , bounty hunter press lennox ( michael madsen , another returnee ) ; and patrick's uninfected shipmate dennis gamble ( mykelti williamson ) to find patrick before the in-heat eve does ."	0
"if you've seen any action flick of the past fifteen years , you'll recognize plenty of lifted elements ."	0
"in the film , patch is played by the undefeatable and indefatigable robin williams , in a performance of such insulting pathos and sledgehammer sympathy that i wonder now if he is even human ."	0
"the court scene at the end of the film is useless and unbelievable , and not helped by the soppy overacting ."	0
"gyllenhall's sweet-natured delivery of jimmy's hilariously na ? ve narration serves as the backbone for an otherwise flimsy coming-of-age story : jimmy is a bubble boy , a kid born without immunity who could die if he comes in contact with a single germ -- a plight explored more seriously in the john travolta tv movie boy in the plastic bubble and less so on seinfeld ."	0
"actually , the doctor is researching the "" primordial fear reaction "" and intends to plant disturbing ideas in his subjects and watch !"	0
i couldn't write down all the reprintable dialogue from the d . i .	0
"so what do you get when you mix together plot elements from various successful sci-fi films such as close encounters of the third kind , 2001 : a space odyssey , apollo 13 and contact ?"	0
""" varsity blues "" is the best film of 1999 thus far ."	0
"now , movie-goers are looking for the sophistication of titanic -- visuals that are so well-incorporated that it's impossible to tell where they end and where "" reality "" begins ."	0
"jar jar binks is one of the most annoying characters i've ever had to endure , but he's more interesting than most of the humans ."	0
"while this contrast is supposedly meant to highlight the shallowness of the other characters' lives , the only thing that makes shallow and superficial interesting is if it's funny ."	0
but all of a sudden she says yes .	0
"first , we have the prison warden subplot ."	0
"i originally wrote this review for my college newspaper back in '95 , but i wanted to re-write it because not all retro reviews should be about the classics ."	0
"the biggest suspect is an authoress , catherine tramell ( sharon stone ) , who wrote a novel in which the murder was eerily presaged ."	0
"and if you can't stand them ( like me ) , then "" spice world "" will really make you sick ."	0
probably would have been remembered as nothing more than a poorly done documentary with the occasional inappropriate horror-movie touch .	0
"never once does the story seem to connect together , it just jumps around repeatedly ."	0
the passengers on the bus then view the girl in their minds as everything from saint to sinner .	0
"there's just too much of a sit-com feel here , especially during the so-called serious moments , and all the confusion between the characters ."	0
most horror movies released today are just as inane as this film is .	0
a bunch of unsuspecting teens get a summer job at a long closed summer camp .	0
"shue's talent is barely seen , josh brolin is underused and the rest of the cast suffer mostly for the lack of talent ."	0
"with these elements in place and the benefit of freddie francis' lush cinematography , the film is at least a feast for the senses ."	0
"the biggest problem with the amalgamation , in this case , is that the film is absurd and the comedy is out of place ."	0
the exceptions are when he fears he's going crazy : a far cry from his smarter-than-you'd expect routine that he's more adept at .	0
"a more flexible performer might have given weight to the character , pulling the audience into his haunted intensity , making switchback _his_ film ."	0
""" the whole nine yards "" is neither facetious nor , aside from the subplot about jill's shocking eagerness to become a professional hitwoman , inventive , and more often than not , just lies there , the film spinning drearily around and around in the projector , but never igniting any sort of spark ."	0
"as this film flopped commercially , his next one , the sixth sense , pared down the schmaltz and came up smelling like a rose ."	0
"i thought chris carter did for releasing an x-files movie , although , that movie adaptation was an excellent way to spend two hours ."	0
"in addition to his vague characterizations and uninspired action sequences , ramsey's script assaults the audience with his attempts to copy the vulgar , poetic rhythms of tarantino or mamet-style dialogue ."	0
jet li is a grand and personable screen presence .	0
"instead of using characterization to propel the events , it will be completely random , and yet totally predictable ! ?"	0
"goldblum has episodes of brilliance in his career , but here he seems to have been replaced with a lifeless pod from his "" invasion of the body snatchers "" ."	0
"it relies on an audience's perception of our leaders as ineffectual and duplicitous and on terrorists as non-human , faceless entities not worthy of compassion or consideration ."	0
"the story is beyond routine , the script is embarrassing ( at one point , this jumbo jet is flying completely upside down ) , the characters are worthless , and the performances are annoying ."	0
"these scenes grow worse and worse , culminating in an absurd climax ."	0
"he wore a bizarre get-up and did a lot of yelling in the terminally awful snake eyes , and here he attempts a performance that can relate to someone completely losing their grip on reality ."	0
it might be true-to-life with some people ; but that doesn't mean * i * have to like it .	0
"sure , it had shock value , but so did se7en and the game , and they were significantly stronger films ."	0
"i'm not exactly sure where all this money went , but it certainly did not register onscreen ."	0
"the thug , in the meantime , proves that he's evil through his annoying habit of smashing half-empty beer bottles all of a sudden and for no apparent reason ."	0
""" the siege "" is constantly heavy-handed , not entertaining or insightful , and just goes to prove that not even the best actors can save a film that lacks a satisfactory screenplay ."	0
"we get an endless parade of quick-cuts , split-screens , zoom-outs , zoom-ins , and rotating cameras , all in an effort to cover up the sheer stupidity of the script ."	0
"an attempt at florida film noir , palmetto fails at the most fundamental levels ."	0
"for example , the film tells a few substories ( such as the tale of a woeful absinthe bender , or an alternative telling of how van gogh lost his ear ) , but they are so flat and so plastic that they come off as prefabricated and unbelievable ."	0
bilko -- and none of them ever manage to be anything more than a rehash of the last .	0
"and then there's the climax and ending , which abruptly come when helen starts having contractions after eating some pound cake spiked with a labor-inducing drug normally used on horses ."	0
suspense probably could have been attained if the actors had been able to create something new or different than the original .	0
"he may be right , in an absurdly accurate way , but the film doesn't give us a reason to care ."	0
"williams plays jakob haim , a jew imprisoned in a polish ghetto during world war ii ."	0
"and at the end of our day , none of this is really worth 2 hrs and 12 minutes of our personal misery ."	0
"we can't take this film seriously , nor can we take this as fun , so really what good is it ?"	0
there isn't much good about this movie .	0
he encounters a group of norse warriors who convince him to join them on a mysterious journey to be taken by 13 men .	0
another thing that i noticed towards the end was that some characters just vanished without a trace but they were fairly major through most of the beginning .	0
"if i were an anthropologist , this film would insult me immensely ."	0
"forget north , clifford , or , heaven help us , even on deadly ground ."	0
my first press screening of 1998 and already i've gotten a prime candidate for my worst ten of the year list .	0
"judging from the fact that potty-mouth adam sandler is the reigning box-office comedy champion , you realize -- albeit while shaking your head -- that yes , there is an audience for this sort of thing ."	0
"the last hour of the film is just one scene after another of gia getting high , losing a job , and going into rehab ."	0
( 1 ) murphy shatters the record for the most profanity in a motion picture .	0
apparantly money talks .	0
riiiiight .	0
"in the meantime , billie is on an emotional hunt for her missing mom ."	0
""" desperate measures "" is a generic title for a film that's beyond generic ."	0
someone get me my lithium !	0
"the overall scenario is not without promise and several plot twists ( such as the revelation that the enormous craft is actually an american space ship , apparently from the future ) offer intriguing possibilities ."	0
"there are several predictable horror film clich ? s present in "" end of days , "" complete with the old "" black cat hiding in a cabinet "" bit , not that we ever find out what the cat was doing in there ."	0
"not only does the ludicrous screenplay ignore the possibility that someone in the audience may have a triple-digit i . q . , but it doesn't bother to give any of the on-screen individuals even a hint of depth ."	0
"frankly , dropping her on the spot would have seemed the most civilized action arkin could make ; punching her in the mouth not the least ."	0
i know how much you like letters .	0
"that , right there , is problem #1 ."	0
i didn't laugh at ellen degeneres much ( i think i was supposed to ) .	0
"instead , what you get is a collection of rough and inconsistent cuts , bad continuity and inaccuracies ."	0
"nothing works in this film , as to be expected from joel schumacher , who has made only one watchable film in his entire career ( that being "" cousins "" ) ."	0
"despite a healthy dose of humor and some surprising sincerity , the crow is still just a couple notches above its straight-to-video brethren ."	0
"ugly . ) , he'd convert to creationism on the spot ."	0
"perhaps arnold needs to make some movies with james cameron to revive his career , because it's not happening with hack peter hyams here ."	0
"slow and plodding , this project is a total mess ."	0
"who , thankfully , dosen't say much ."	0
"to do this , they must exhibit at least marginal depth and must also be interesting ."	0
"despite his sometimes violent nature , readers couldn't help but feel sympathetic toward his plight as the spawn of the underworld ."	0
"the film is supposed to be a big suspense thriller , but save a couple moments , the film never achieves suspense , or even a sense of intrigue ."	0
"down below all the whos are preparing for their whobilation , but the grinch is determined to steal their christmas ."	0
i guess these mysterians really are as shallow as they appear .	0
but to what end ?	0
the acting was good plus the jokes had humor and made you laugh .	0
that movie was violent but not in the overdone cartoonish manner of more recent verhoeven pics .	0
no matter .	0
"and even his sidekick co-star , "" saturday night live "" alumnus rob "" makin' copies "" schneider , does what's expected of him , although neither appear to want the role of straight man ."	0
although the acting is fantastic ( even stallone isn't bad ) the directing and story is dull and long winded	0
"* * * * amazing , potent stuff ."	0
suspense at its very derivative !	0
it makes sitting through sphere a frustrating and pointless experience .	0
"throughout the whole film , she looks dorky ."	0
"there are a few decent scenes involving the interaction between dangerfield and knight , but they are far too infrequent to carry the movie ."	0
"chris o'donnell , once considered a rising star , successfully burns up on reentry with this performance ."	0
"while he may have had an oscar worthy film back in 1995 ( dead man walking ) , he gets a little overconfident and sloppy here ."	0
any significant archetype that is set up in the beginning of the film is simply turned into a plot device .	0
even a science fiction film must be internally consistent .	0
i even felt my iq dip below its usual low as toilet humor somehow worked its way into this so-called romantic-comedy-action movie ?	0
"when a film is produced on a shoestring budget by a couple of hardworking filmmakers and when it tells the story of a genuine tragedy , the easy path for a reviewer who hated the movie is to give it a pass ."	0
"all the great stereotypes get pulled , including my personal favorite of the key witness that makes bail and is murdered soon thereafter ."	0
one wonders what they saw in the script .	0
betty is a little surprised to find a woman sleeping in the borrowed bungalow .	0
the only real reason for making this film was to somehow out-perform deep impact .	0
"the scene shifts to a prison in china , where han sing ( jet li ) learns of his brothers murder ."	0
""" party of five , "" i do know however , seems to be the starting ground for actresses in the teen horror genre ."	0
also along is larry ( skipp suddeth ) .	0
"antonio hires ted for a couple bucks to watch his kids all night long , but things go wrong . . . it"	0
"dushku , who possesses an alluring femme fetale quality , has got to stop taking roles belonging to rose mcgowan ."	0
there are also a few obviously improvised lines that are fresher than anything that's on the page .	0
"she's horrified that her husband would have owned such a film ( in 8mm , of course ) and just wants welles to snoop around without police interference to see what he can find ."	0
dances with wolves was golden and brown-it looked like an eggo commercial .	0
"no thanks , i'll just ditch it in the back of my car ."	0
it may also be word-of-mouth-proof .	0
kinski is bland and unmotivated .	0
this is a film that needed the hype .	0
"jingle all the way is formula crap that follows the if someone falls on his ass , it must be funny school of thought ."	0
the characters are one-dimensional and uninteresting .	0
most of what comes on screen is generic sit-com level material -- the kind of slop that people will absorb while dozing off in their favorite easy chair in front of the television set .	0
phasers ?	0
"it's a short sequence of stills--heather : 7 years ; ali : 40 years ; lisa : life imprisonment , for example--but it's infinitely more telling than the 110 minutes of rampant unpleasantness that precedes it ."	0
"er , mark wahlberg stars as melvin surley , a hitman ."	0
"i suppose there's some amusement viewers could derive from the ridiculous premise , if they were that desperate ."	0
so why did i see his latest teen bisexual angst opus ?	0
"but it's not as bad as half-baked , simplistic themes ."	0
"i mean , showing melissa sagemiller running away from visions for about 20 minutes throughout the movie is just plain lazy ! !"	0
"however , trying is simply not enough !"	0
"ray is the only son of a low-level mobster once arrested for running an illegal casino operation out of his bloomfield , new jersey , suburban basement ."	0
"babe ruth didn't quit baseball after one season to play football in a quixotic quest to prove his athletic dexterity , and neither should stone reject what she does best ."	0
"yet wrapped in elizabethan english , the dialogue becomes difficult to comprehend ."	0
the grinch isn't even the villain here ; that role is filled by the corrupt mayor of whoville ( jeffrey tambor ) who was the grinch's rival for martha's affection .	0
a bad guy who owns a wild animal = cliche .	0
"dave foley isn't given enough to do , as well as "" will & grace's "" megan mullally who can be funny ."	0
"the remaining four fishermen are all cardboard stereotypes ( hawkes says to a female stranger in one scene "" you know what would look good on you ?"	0
"very often , when a film is as putrid as this production , there will at least be a decent quality of film making to reveal an occasional moment of glory ."	0
the only other bright spot is the sweeping african scenery .	0
"for one , the movie's approach is interesting and not dripping with clich ? ."	0
wigand is irate at his negative treatment for what he still considered continued to be loyalty to his agreement and his former employer .	0
"my inner flag was at half-mast last year when nick at nite pulled "" dragnet "" reruns off the air ."	0
"although they stomach the gruesome deed of getting rid of the body ( which also disturbingly involves dismantling the body using power saws in order to stuff it into suitcases ) , when they return from their trip , guilt and paranoia begins to set in which slowly consumes some of the five friends ."	0
"in his latest , he gives the viewers a raucous , neon-lit backdrop as cinematographer and points the audience down a drug-infested path of misadventure as director ."	0
"o two living , breathing adults ( bullock's character and the first mate ) who have to be told , step by step , how to disconnect a trip wire from the pin of a hand grenade ."	0
13 half-hour episodes certainly hadn't exhausted all possible situations .	0
"the end credits note that "" no special visual effects were used in the basketball sequences of this motion picture . """	0
"i know of no other reason to explain the ridiculous ending which features the survivors confronting a pack of raptors , then being saved by the most ludicrous of logic jumps within a few minutes ."	0
"your first clue that something isn't gonna be quite right with the movie you're about to see : it's heavily christmas-themed and its release date is , oh , say , at the end of february ."	0
"or for that matter talk to the fiancee afterwards , but what can be expected this is a children's movie ."	0
we do not feel for these characters and do not get inside their heads .	0
"nobody else in the apartment complex appears to mind all the racket , but one old dear does go ballistic when sarah's bathtub overflows ."	0
"the whole film seems to be in a race with itself to be over , as is evident in the final sequence , where there is no comedic denouement after the climax ."	0
"calling himself zardoz , frayn gathers a bunch of outlanders and makes them into a group called the exterminators , whose purpose is to kill most of the other outlanders so they can't procreate and take up more resources ."	0
"seriously , this idea--a psycho bumping off people in the style of urban legends--is a great one and i wish it could have been pulled off ."	0
"he also falls for her when this was only supposed to be a business deal , and learns that she is valuable because her ex-boyfriend was sean ambrose and that he still wants to f * ck her ."	0
this brings us to the villains .	0
"it is spoken between two of the protagonists somewhere in the film , and basically serves as a perfect example of what this film is about , especially if you realize that this exchange is meant to be taken seriously ."	0
"this , undoubtedly , is eddie murphy's worst movie and that's an accomplishment ."	0
and attempt to run towards the exit in slow motion ) .	0
"there's little that's naturally amusing about them , as they all seem to know the cameras are rolling ."	0
what was that glowing lava lamp artifact troy brought on board with him ?	0
"christina ricci plays val , and gaby hoffman plays stephie ."	0
"well , that depends on whom you trust more : me or eddie murphy ."	0
a hollow victory indeed .	0
"right up there with the lost world , godzilla is one of the biggest disappointments in recent cinematic history ."	0
"while the characters flail at each other , one-liners and bad puns are tossed about like confetti ."	0
the performances are adequate if not fully acceptable .	0
even foreign films are taking that advice to heart .	0
it's chockfull of stupid characters delivering inane dialogue fitting snuggly into a preposterous plot .	0
"if these arbiters of public taste think kenneth branaugh's film of shakespeare's "" comedy "" much ado about nothing is comedy in any modern sense of the word , it's time to get a life ."	0
"there's also a good sequence involving metal magnet neckbraces and spinning saw blades , but , again , a logic question comes into play regarding their polarity ."	0
it's just dreary and unwatchable . . . a	0
"wait a minute "" ."	0
"the other actors , including isaiah washington , russell wong , henry o and dmx all give the standard mediocre performances ."	0
"by the end of the film , it had audiences in deep thought ."	0
"the music is also good , which is scored by danny elfman ."	0
in one scene we are looking at a motel room with dead people on the floor .	0
"but the storytelling is completely lacking in emotion ( spawn longs for his wife , but they don't have a single scene together before simmons' death ! ) , conflict ( who will triumph is not anybody's guess ) , and believability ( not that i expected it ) ."	0
"( oh , how witty . )"	0
"some movies fail at the box office but you manage to see why the producers thought it could have been a good movie , others are simply good ideas that are badly executed ."	0
failed all around !	0
kate ( jennifer aniston ) is having some problems .	0
"as a wannabe who uses flatulence for a weapon , all of his jokes must therefore be fart jokes ."	0
but there's so much more that feels as if we've been there before .	0
"harry assembles the obligatory "" ragtag "" bunch of "" cowboys "" , including a blond guy , a fat guy , a black guy , a wiseass , and the man who is sleeping with his daughter ( affleck ) ."	0
- moral dilemma of teresa's father .	0
( nary a mention of these apocalyptic events is made after they occur . )	0
"they have two kids together , greta simone and owen ."	0
"in case anyone misses the connection , the camera comes in for a close up of christine's music box , which just happens to be identical to one owned by cane's daughter ."	0
"there is very , very little that is funny in caddyshack ."	0
one should not approach a haunted house movie with a twister mindset .	0
"if you're going to make another sting movie , you've got to do something original ."	0
"'laughter' is supposed to arise from the 'comical' events , but never does ."	0
"( well , she's not a widow , and the kid isn't her daughter , but you get the idea . )"	0
"jimmy stands to inhereit $100 million if he is married by 6 : 05 p . m . on his 30th birthday , stays married for 10 years and produces a child ."	0
"unfortunately , it's a sequel not worthy of the original ."	0
"as the movie is but the latest in a genre that was originally created by aliens , it does little more than try to cash in on that aspect ."	0
"i guess i'm one of the few critics who actually kind of liked the original film ( emphasis on the "" kind of "" ) ."	0
"once there , he hooks up with his deceased brother's girlfriend , played by natasha henstridge , and the two of them set out to discover who the murderers are ."	0
"even if bye bye love had decided to spend its time focusing exclusively on the parent-child relationships , it still would have been pretty difficult to pull off , because ultimately there is very little humor one can wring from family break-ups and their effects on children ."	0
"john patterson ( val kilmer ) , the bridge building expert set to oversee the operation , tried to rid his operation of the lions , but fails ."	0
liam neeson and catherine zeta-jones suffer from the dialogue and plot and should not have been in this film .	0
disturbing behavior was written by scott rosenberg .	0
"of the tv star cameos , john ritter is the most interesting as a deranged right wing tv evangelist ."	0
"it should be seamless , fellas , not necessarily against the laws of gravity !"	0
the witty banter they share could be plastered within a hallmark card .	0
"the plot , as it were , is a series of coincidences combined with extreme leaps of faith and a trifecta of stupid cell phone tricks ."	0
"for starters , there's harold faltermeyer's annoying synthesized score , which gets old after four notes ."	0
"if there are any positive things to say about "" message in a bottle , "" it is that the performances by robin wright penn and paul newman , as garrett's stubborn , but loving father , are far above par to be in such a wasteful , "" shaggy dog "" love story , and that the cinematography by caleb deschanel takes great advantage of the beautiful eastern coast , and paints chicago as an equally alluring city ."	0
"there's a hilarious running joke featuring a female doctor who previously worked at hooters , and the film features passable performances from sandler , joey lauren adams ( as the love interest ) , and the two young boys , but the film on the whole is trite and disappointingly unfunny ."	0
"wild wild west , the latest will smith affair , follows much the same formula , except that it is dumber and less enjoying than most summer movies ."	0
"fatal charm won't charm anyone , unless there's someone that's charmed by boring , lifeless , insipid , suspenseless thrillers ."	0
"eighteen years after the blues brothers hit theaters , blues brothers 2000 is being unleashed , minus half of its original duo ( the late john belushi ) and nearly all of its original charm ."	0
it is possibly the most useless and under-developed film ever .	0
"helen mirren was born in london , england under the name ilynea lydia mironoff ."	0
the plot was boring and contrived to the extreme .	0
"there's a new wrinkle , though ."	0
"the animal characters and their plights were simply not intriguing enough to sustain my interest for an hour and a half , let alone entertain a child ."	0
this all-girl band headed by kelly macnamara ( dolly reed ) and her friends go to hollywood to try to gain a foothold in the music industry .	0
"the incompetence behind the film makes it incredibly funny , and so the viewer can get some enjoyment ( ? ! ! ? ) from the film ."	0
"and when they finally reveal who killed the woman and why , you'll wish you never sat through this movie at all ."	0
"i know it's nit-picky to ask where the hundreds of feet of cable are stored in the batarangs , why the character's arms aren't ripped out of their sockets when they accomplish a one-armed batarang save after falling hundreds of feet ( while holding on to another person no less ) , or where the moisture comes from when freeze's weapon creates tons if ice ."	0
"but in today's industry , it doesn't even look finished ."	0
[r]	0
"i didn't mind everett's performance , but his bumbling assistants will make every adult cringe with disgust ."	0
"they both feature vicious psychopathic killers , yet also give a lot of , usually depressive , details about chief investigator's private lives ."	0
different to the original movie .	0
"the student tells him the others are still in the mountains , but suggests that it may not be a good place to be ."	0
"bronson , the main asset in this movie , plays the character who is nothing more than an efficient killing machine ."	0
"through no fault of his own , the airline has lost greg's luggage ."	0
"umm , moving right along . . ."	0
but the fun doesn't end there in the shambles of a script by william davies and william osborne .	0
"this subplot was alright , but it was quite annoying with stephie's accent ."	0
"the film has zero credibility , and all of the characters come off as cliched , cardboard cut-outs ."	0
"in "" showgirls "" fashion , some scenes are almost bad enough to be good ."	0
after the familiar 'a long time ago . . . . '	0
"what is danny glover doing here , grinning and yeehawing his way through the messy plot ?"	0
"that rule proves more dependable than ever with inspector gadget , an insulting , despicable and , worst of all , expensive piece of trash trying to pass itself off as a viable children's film ."	0
they would rather have any news of possible stirrings within the neighboring dormant volcano swept under the rug .	0
there's not much to recommend in no looking back .	0
it's a plot point revisted throughout the film with jackhammer subtlety .	0
"his recycled raising arizona performance is a means of escape , his chase after a stuffed bunny a continuation of his pursuit of that big box of huggies ."	0
"i'm fairly certain that the villains are all part of the fukienese dragons , led by a young chinese psycho named bobby vu ( byron mann ) ."	0
"magoo , exposes just how painful a bad movie experience can be ."	0
"however , the supporting cast are ok , with good performances from mitchum , allen ( who plays his girlfriend ) and john glover ( who plays cross's 'partner' ) the ghost of christmas past isn't that bad either ."	0
"in little but a flash , however , ben suddenly sees his plans ruined when he accidentally hits the car of the mob and subsequently gets paid a visit from famed mafia guy paul vitti ( robert de niro ) , who desperately wants counseling , even though he himself won't even admit to having anxiety attacks ."	0
but it does leave one to wonder . . . i	0
"there are some attempts for the movie to have a plot between the numerous scenes of violence , and one of such attempts is a potentially interesting plot twist at the end ."	0
"the best i could come up with is pre-teen age boys , but in this media saturated era , this film's components would have been old hat even for them ."	0
"the non-stop vampire attack sequences are stylelessly filmed , without any interesting camera work , which is usually a trademark of carpenter's ."	0
"hank azaria also turns up as a crazy cameraman named 'animal' , and he adds a little life to the picture ."	0
the special effects have that strange cartoon look that most rushed cgi effects have .	0
"now the rest of the actors in the movie , bad acting and poor casting ."	0
"none of these have any point to them and they're embarrassing to not only the writer/directors , but to the actors 'cause they're working with crap ."	0
"the general's daughter is a heartless , absurd film , a movie so hopelessly dedicated to its inane plot that it forgets entirely about its own characters ."	0
somehow a plot dealing with all the dinosaurs being mutated and transported to an alternate futuristic mega-city jumbles in .	0
"there's also a nice array of actors , even though none of them do any acting ( except for donald sutherland , who does a lot of very bad acting ) ."	0
it's all very routine and uninteresting because there aren't any real characters and the plot only occasionally makes sense .	0
whoop-dee-doo .	0
"they come off as what could best be described as romy and michele : the early years in this particular film , a highly dubious distinction at best ."	0
"hmmmm , well , the main actor , justin chambers , is basically an uncharismatic version of chris o'donnell but with less range ( think about that ! ) , and mena suvari , is just plain off ."	0
she seems to understand instinctively how to find performers the audience will like in spite of their flaws .	0
the problem is that every character is not likable .	0
american pie 2 is a pre-sold commodity that will earn several million at the box office .	0
this is weak storytelling at its worst .	0
the resulting pressure to stop the story created a small civil war at cbs .	0
"it tries , sometimes , but it rarely works ."	0
let's hope armageddon is a bit better .	0
"you can see the impending death coming a mile away , and it conveniently occurs in the next scene , so that the three can quickly come to terms with themselves , and with each other ."	0
"but at almost two-and-a-half hours , i could not believe how little actually happened over the course of the story ."	0
"starring : jennifer tilly , voice of brad dourif , katherine heigl , nick stabile , john ritter"	0
"the supporting actors are also not given a lot to do : the doctor ( charles dance ) and another , rather religious inmate ( charles s . dutton , very good ) , hiave presence , but they're not asked to do anything with it ."	0
"this is film noir for the mtv generation : fast-paced , slick , flashy , gleefully mindless , and hollow to the core ."	0
dr . moreau is a man obsessed with creating a race of beings which is free from hate and violence . . . but the savage within every beast is not something one can suppress for long .	0
"he was pensive , resourceful and had relationships , which made our perspective on him equally human ."	0
"juliette lewis , as romeo's girlfriend , is treated with the same cliche attitudes , although ms . lewis' portrayal certainly didn't improve it ."	0
"it's not my fault , i know it's not my fault , but dammit , someone's gotta be embarrassed , because it doesn't look like anyone on the screen is ready to take the blame ."	0
the only actor in the movie with any demonstrable talent is a cute little prairie dog named petey .	0
"neither one convinced in "" emotional "" scenes ."	0
"so what do you have when the humor is absent from your comedy , and the acting is like the siberian steppes ?"	0
he's the man responsible for classic political thrillers like the manchurian candidate and seven days in may .	0
he's not half as interesting as macaulay culkin once was .	0
"it rumbles , hums and belches forth remarkable sights ."	0
"in this installment , the plot picks up as karla wins a trip to the bahamas , and julie , yet racked by guilt , decides that maybe a tropical getaway will help ease her mind ."	0
"kathryn wants sebastian valmont to de-virginize cecile caldwell ( selma blair ) , a naive dork-chick who has somehow wronged kathryn ."	0
"with its uninspired action and tepid adventure sequences , the film barely registers a pulse ."	0
they are ciphers .	0
tom sizemore and scene-stealer don cheadle are both fine .	0
"hmmmm , now think hard here , boys and girls ."	0
"when the ship suddenly appears at the point that it vanished at , just outside of neptune , the crew of the ship called the "" lewis and clark "" has to go to investigate , and dr . william weir , the creator of the "" event horizon , "" gets to come along for the ride ."	0
that's the only thing that honestly caught my interest .	0
i call it pretentious .	0
one of the oddest structural points of the film is the handling of eric stoltz .	0
"at most , i would say the beast-men looked just a bit more realistic than those apes in planet of the apes ."	0
"computer effects are flawless , and the costumes , settings and other details are authentic for all the fans of the show ."	0
"the initially interesting plot is done even more wrong by stereotyped characters , played by not too interested or talented actors ."	0
"this first shows up as powder visits the world of high school ( if he's such a genius already , why would he need a high school education ? ) and sits through a demonstration in jeff goldblum's science class ."	0
they do feature lots of explosions and gunfire to keep you awake .	0
not too shabby for someone with single-digit iq .	0
"numerous comparisons can be made with this movie to past sci-fi , suspense thrillers ."	0
"it has to be about transporting us to a different place , to dazzle us with magic and cleverness ."	0
jack carter is as tough as tough guys come .	0
"and , let's have inept people destroy the mir space station ! !"	0
"it shows us that old guys , try not to laugh , sit around and talk about "" the appeal of postmodernism "" during their free time ."	0
"or , maybe all career politicians are like that ."	0
"scrooged is alternatively sick , gross , funny , and then sickly soppy ."	0
"my advice to fans is : stay home and watch that video collection , or at least spin that cd a couple of more times . . . either"	0
it goes without saying that i disagree with the other reviews on the board that attempt to review the film for itself .	0
georgina cates .	0
and richard t . jones' character ( cooper ) is hilarious and extremely likable ( more so than most characters i've seen in recent movies ) for the little screen time that he has .	0
"movie , where s . f . e ."	0
the next day she's dead and hotshot detective wesley snipes is called in .	0
as for the performances . . .	0
"way back in 1984 , a great but crazy director named abel ferrara made his worse film and called it fear city ."	0
"not once in the film do we see any of the slaves working , except for a few house servants ."	0
"the suspenseless bride of chucky relies mostly on jennifer tilly's cleavage to keep attention during the first half , and on occasional puns to keep attention during the second half ."	0
at least there you don't have to pay to see her cleavage .	0
"it's established that they can simply turn off the power to stop it , but the virus has sealed the power room by the time our heroes get there ."	0
what are the warning signs of a * terrible * movie ?	0
"karen is as interesting as a cereal box , a someone's-out-to-get-me crybaby who imagines the voice at the other end of the phone , the stranger who sends her flowers , maybe even her husband himself , is her would-be killer ."	0
"wow , man ."	0
a succession of destroyed images may have been more entertaining than this movie .	0
spoiled rich kid kelley morse ( chris klein ) receives a new mercedes for a graduation present .	0
"there's the scene where birdy , who used to be the prom queen , is humbled by approaching a peer she once mocked , for a job ."	0
"for about twenty minutes into mission impossible 2 director john woo ( the killer , hard boiled , face off ) appears to have made an exciting , elegant , charming spy thriller , kind of a post millennium james bond adventure with a strapping american ( read : unsophisticated ) hero more willing to drop kick villains than out fox them ."	0
"but judging by the latest efforts from the don bluth studios , the visuals are the only thing fox has to brag about ."	0
"benicio del torro is always welcome , though here he plays it fairly straight ( rather than another oddball character creation like the ones the actor gave us in usual suspects and excess baggage ) , adopting a brad pitt-esque quizzical pout to go along with his heavy swaggering ."	0
simple as that .	0
gets an invitation to live with a family .	0
"she's far too witty and realized ( at least for the first half ) to belong in this film , and whenever she appears , she automatically gives everything a delightfully satirical tone ."	0
those special effects are so stunning they alone keep this from being as bad as urban legend or i still know what you did last summer .	0
"the cast , a collection of veteran b-movie actors and sitcom regulars , do only a mediocre job in their roles ."	0
"this big budget , brain dead apocalyptic thriller bludgeons its audience with overwrought music , grisly violence , explosions galore and lots of cheesy special effects ."	0
"staring , george clooney , arnold schwarzenegger , chris o'donnell and uma thurman with alicia silverstone ."	0
"by those jabs , i'm not only referring to his stylish destruction of the "" batman "" franchise , but "" a time to kill "" was an immensely overrated disappointment ."	0
or is the bottom the top ?	0
"stein has taken the black comedy of a teen movie like heathers and stripped it of any intelligence , wit or charm ."	0
in shame and disappointment fuentes asks the student what has happened to the others .	0
"if you're a big fan of the group , you probably won't get enough of what you want , and if you're not a big fan , you get too much time devoted to nothing more than "" look at us "" moments ."	0
"i guess what the filmmaker is trying to say , is that mom is a bad dreamer and the daughter is the observant one , able to recognize mother's faults when not in growing pains and in need of parenting herself ."	0
"hala is a spoiled , self-centered high school dropout whose reckless sexual experimentation predictably leads to pregnancy ."	0
chronicles vincenzo cortino's ( lloyd bridges ) life .	0
"the appealing actors are uniformly good and stiller is even stellar , but they can't begin to save "" mystery men "" --it's just one big mess ."	0
but the script puts seagal right smack dab in the middle of all of these scenarios as he tries to discreetly fit in .	0
"the scenes that don't feature action should be electric , thanks to our wonderful cast ."	0
woods' jack crow spouts glib off-the-cuff one-liners and strolls away from exploding buildings with that oh-so-cool stride .	0
"susan granger's review of "" america's sweethearts "" ( columbia/sony )"	0
"when the authorities refuse , the kelly brothers go on a robbing rampage , burning mortgages of the poor found in postal vaults and murdering some soldiers ."	0
however you can only access one easily .	0
"for example , many of the machines resemble those found in the little-seen japanese movie , "" tetsuo-the iron man "" ."	0
"seriously , folks ."	0
but no one has arrived yet .	0
"the movie forgoes that aspect of his character , and hammer comes off not only as amoral in society's terms , but in any terms , especially his own ."	0
"the impact of the bullets cause him to make these wild contortions that force the wedding band to change music styles to keep up with him , from the samba to disco to the macarena ."	0
terra-forming .	0
"there is another plot or two that is introduced , but never gets revisited ."	0
"even the whole "" matrix "" ending wasn't even good ."	0
larson and lebrock fight and torture each other ( the tables get turned a couple of times ) while brolin tramps around in the snow looking for help .	0
"finally , the ending credits contain outtakes of the movie , which have some of the genuineness and spontaneity that the movie badly lacked ."	0
"if you learn anything about the other characters in this movie , it's that they are the most incredibly tolerant hollywood-types known to man ."	0
"after seeing the end result , undoubtedly they are both asking themselves the same question ."	0
"besides the obvious question of why this movie was ever made , there is one other question that i'd like to ask the director ."	0
"her boss will only give her the job if she gets married and gets a mortgage and gets a lease on a german sportscar , and kevin bacon pnly sleeps with married or involved girls ."	0
it shows in the final product .	0
"director brian robbins previously helmed the kids feature good burger ( from nickelodeon films , a sister company of mtv ) and changes directions here a bit but still fails to make much of an impression ."	0
"seeing films like the haunting and big daddy making money , i wouldn't be surprised to see "" the 13th warrior "" become a hit ."	0
the pointless plot begins when johnny's ( vanity devoid ) girlfriend carmen ( richards ) decides that she wants to join the troopers to fight the insects who are throwing asteroids at earth .	0
"in one great scene , sam gets his son on the phone to talk to seagal ; of course , his son doesn't believe that he's actually speaking to seagal , and he goes off about how bad of an actor he is ( i would quote the line i like but it would probably lose its effect ) ."	0
why ?	0
soon .	0
i can't help but feel like everyone is looking at me .	0
"the basic plot of ghosts of mars has much in common with that of assault on precinct 13 except that precinct 9 ( yes , precinct 9 ) has been replaced by a somewhat tacky looking rundown martian mining colony ."	0
"she merely struggles on , hoping her children will survive their respective torments ."	0
the whole town begins to examine every detail of his life and begins to identifying all those things that confirm his sexual preference .	0
like soccer .	0
the jokes were bland and hackneyed from talents who have previously made audiences laugh with their unique rituals .	0
"heroic and very pale anthropologist eric stoltz leads a documentary film crew down a brazilian river in search of the shirishama indians , a legendary tribe that supposedly lives in the boondocks of the rain forest ."	0
"although his character is contradictory to the unfolding disaster , reno brings a style to the role of phillipe which makes him enjoyable ."	0
"even the best comic actor is at the mercy of his or her material , as this subpar submarine comedy proves ."	0
""" simply irresistible "" is all too easy to resist ."	0
"but if there was ever to be a prime example , the real mccoy is it !"	0
"rather , why write him into the film ? -give"	0
"dumb , dumb , dumb movie ."	0
"the ending , as it turns out , is not entirely a happy one and is one of the film's finer moments ."	0
"it takes the entire first half hour to establish the movie's premise , then more time as the film wades through a tortuous ( and seemingly mandatory ) romance between ricky and kate , and a sub-plot involving a conniving pr man ( eric mccormack ) who wants to discredit g and take over ricky's job as producer ."	0
"prior to this we see the famed trailer opener of cruise climbing a steep mountain , sans scaffolding , then leaping from one jagged rock formation to another ."	0
"the tagline for "" payback "" is , "" get ready to root for the bad guy , "" and sure enough , this is true , as pretty much every significant character who appears is crooked in some way ."	0
"clown manipulates simmons , now in superhuman spawn form , into a stand off with wynn ."	0
"as a hollywood satire , "" america's sweethearts "" is toothless ."	0
"as for the rest of us , well . . ."	0
"and if you still don't think that "" the doom generation "" is incompetent on every single possible level it could be , take the acting ."	0
the idea at the film's core is to make shakespeare appealing to the crowds .	0
"he has called it a comedy , a thinking man's picture , a throwback to the old series , and , most grievously , he has likened it to a john ford western ."	0
"anyone interested in hearing my ideas for a few good movies can write me and hear my pitch , because god knows i know i can do better ."	0
and american pie 2 is rather degrading to women .	0
"hopefully , this will also serve as a springboard to a better batman next time ."	0
"goldblum plugs in a "" jacob's ladder "" device that shows current running up two wires and immediately the current flows across the room and into powder's chest ."	0
we get an unusually early sex scene between phillips and tunney within the first 10 minutes .	0
"his insomnia , coupled with his compulsive desires to fill his world with ikea furniture to ? complete ? himself , make him a loser at the game of life ."	0
"this is judd's most prominent role to date , and she proves that she can light up the screen ."	0
"we're so used to child actors whose dramatic choices are broad and obvious ( calling haley joel ! ) , it's surprising to see one who actually listens throughout any given scene ."	0
"like a blast of nitrous oxide , he attacks each scene with a straightforward zeal ."	0
another disappointing film from this year's so-called emerging masters series .	0
suicide--bad .	0
""" do you like my tummy ? """	0
"around the 20-30 minute point , seagal speaks up to him in what seems to be the typical speech to all the vain entrepeneurs ( what with his new "" fire down below , "" another "" message film "" ) , and caine has him bumped off . . . or"	0
and why would respected actors like christina ricci and ian holm take bit parts in this movie ?	0
so ho's need pimps . ''	0
camera angles are poorly chosen rehashing set ups from the old tv series .	0
"convinced despite his reservations that it's time to "" sh * t or get off the pot , "" jimmy proposes to anne -- very badly ."	0
the only thing amusing about this festering pile of guano is in how intelligible the filmmakers anticipate their core audience to be .	0
it's difficult to imagine how the original could have been worse .	0
"cruella then becomes ella -- dog lover -- until the plot twists , like a dog with his leash caught on the back of a moving truck , and she becomes the evil vixen again ."	0
"however , i would like to make one recommendation : seatbelts ."	0
"now i'm not sure if this was ms . suvari's fault or the director's , but i've definitely seen her at a much higher level than in this film ."	0
"you get a black guy and a white guy being chased by a bunch of people , having no choice but to work together to get somewhere , hating each other at first , but over time , learning to respect one another as individuals ."	0
worst of all is the final courtroom bit .	0
the bulk of the blame here falls upon gwyneth paltrow .	0
"hey , jim , heads up !"	0
"the mod squad is certainly a slick looking production , complete with nice hair and costumes , but that simply isn't enough ."	0
"and her ability to whine and irritate us , even while nude , was appropriate in her role as selfish temptress nomi malone ."	0
"we've always had movies of this nature ; on the beach , the end of the world , damnation alley , the ultimate warrior , and so on ."	0
the doctor is particularly bland and dull .	0
"there are no shoes with only feet in them , no limbs scattered everywhere , no torsos without limbs , no charred corpses , and most importantly , all corpses have heads ( in fairness there are a smattering of wicked head wounds ) ."	0
"you got a bed ! ' ) , but he's uneven when interacting with the rest of the cast ."	0
i did not laugh once during this whole sorry experience .	0
synopsis : big-breasted and dim-witted sculptress britt gets really mad at her grad student boyfriend because he spends too much time on his thought-transference experiments instead of her art showings .	0
"as a romance , it is at best a minor pleasure ."	0
parts of it seems to go on forever and parts of seem to not last enough time .	0
he's quite obviously in desperate need of chemical help .	0
"these images , included with some questionable editing choices , took away from the scenes themselves and caused , at first , bewilderment and , later , laughter ."	0
"lovely newcomer lela rochon gets off easy in her role as a common whore , but only because she doesn't have any scenes with murphy ."	0
and that's the essence of the gutlessness endemic to films like the bachelor -- the fear of giving the characters flaws to overcome on their way to happiness .	0
"the bats are ugly , i must say ."	0
"his "" intervention "" scenes with darryl , however , do provide a rare , and welcome , laugh ."	0
"some people claim that the story is based on the legendary "" all about eve "" of all things !"	0
but the context of recent events only heightens its shortcomings .	0
"when i first saw that the flick was 89 minutes long , i thought maybe that this was a poor attempt at an independence day type film that just ran out of gas ."	0
""" trumpet of the swan "" features flat background art , some poor sound syncing and insipid , sugary songs ."	0
"in addition to the laughably idiotic situation i mentioned in my hypothetical question , there is a moment towards the end of the film where one of the baddies is killed by an airplane that literally comes out of nowhere ."	0
"that way , they could have come up with a story that at least had a sign of intelligence and freshness ."	0
"nickolas also mentioned the scene in which the circus bear drives a jeep , and jeffrey especially liked the one in which the circus elephant was referred to as dumbo ."	0
"actually , i'm not sure what frankie was posessed by ."	0
"on a positive note , i could honestly say that i did very much enjoy the lovely performance by the adorable salma hayek , who seemed underused ( in my humble opinion ) , and lit up every bubbly scene that she was hardly in ."	0
there are cogs spinning and pulleys pulling and levers going up and down everywhere you look .	0
dirty old sod . )	0
"they open the stargate , a bunch of them go through it with a bomb to blow it up if they find anything bad ."	0
"wayans plays whiney straightman to seagal's bead-adorned and brocade-draped cole , keeping up his "" are you crazy "" part of the dialogue with wasted zest ."	0
"i screamed , too , "" get me out of this theater ! """	0
"i'm not sure what the hell mel brooks was thinking when he made this thing , or if he was even thinking at all ."	0
"late in the film , their paths finally cross with mind-numbing results ."	0
"director peter medak , a journeyman film maker with a significant list of mediocre movies on his resume , has added another forgettable title , but at least he appears to have had fun doing it , which is more than can be said of anyone trying to take this film with even a scintilla of seriousness ."	0
"smith is a very talented performer who usually brings swift assurance to any comic relief material , but this is not an ideal role for him ."	0
the film has no intention of providing character development or a laudable plot .	0
"how come an atheist like her was chosen , since father andrew mentions that only very devout believers have ever received stigmata ?"	0
it stinks .	0
"as it stands , "" end of days "" is just a bad movie , and an awfully gloomy one at that ."	0
"but , mr . nishi has a trace buster buster ."	0
"he goes into depression , and drives around his neighbourhood until he arrives inside the usual 'ghetto' side of every american city ."	0
"it's like she's almost parodying herself in "" pulp fiction "" at points ."	0
"the famed 'face on mars' becomes the centerpiece of the film , revealing some of the most harebrained sci-fi pabulum the screen has witnessed ."	0
there's not a measureable fraction of original material in this unworthy outing .	0
"in the film , the opening scene becomes an unintentional pandora's box ."	0
"instead of a peppy pop score , which would arguably work to better effect , most of the action is set to a bombastic orchestral score that belongs somewhere else ."	0
"oh , isn't it great that they just loved having sex ?"	0
you'll get the hang of this .	0
"he may not win any oscars , but he still ranks highly in my book ."	0
"with scream 3 , the novelty of ghostface's ever-mutating identity has worn off some , but the character remains conceptually potent ."	0
his style does have some unexpected touches including some very odd dream sequences .	0
"for no apparent reason , she snaps at harry for even positing that the volcano could erupt ."	0
"nice immersion in the setting , but it soon doesn't matter , for when the film's plot shifts over to the murder investigation , so does the entire mood ."	0
the couple prevail against a disagreeable society and come together in kim's apartment .	0
"the sad thing is that "" end of days "" had so many things going for it ."	0
"the villain here is noticeably lacking , the special effects are ridiculously overblown and unnecessarily complicated , and the script is non-existent ."	0
"the bottom line : horrible , horrible , horrible ."	0
"most of the pratfalls and humiliations are heaped upon him , including a painful episode involving an instant glue-like substance ."	0
hard rain runs 1 : 37 .	0
"if there was a possibility to receive a refund , this review would not be forthcoming ."	0
"we finally get some understanding of the motivations behind the "" shadow government . "" &nbsp ;"	0
"there's never any tension between the two star-crossed lovers , because there's no sense that anything remotely significant is at stake ."	0
"on his 48th birthday , nicholas van orton ( douglas ) is invited to dinner by his underachieving younger brother , conrad ( sean penn ) ."	0
the star ( and a co-producer ) is kevin costner .	0
animated features take so long to maker that it becomes a labor of love for the filmmakers and they put care and pride into their work .	0
"perhaps this movie would have played well as a black comedy , but the movie is a romantic comedy ."	0
"imagine with me , if you will , _scream_'s jamie kennedy , explaining the "" rules "" for sequels like babe 2 ."	0
so much for sweet returns .	0
"however , i rather liked that about the series ."	0
"in an early scene of the film , for example , the lead good guy and bad guy have a minor confrontation in the streets ."	0
"finally , this is commercial television ."	0
"i was very impressed by his performance , and within minutes of the start of the film , i had forgotten all about his good-guy persona ."	0
"his 1984 novel "" neuromancer "" and its sequels 1986's "" count zero "" and 1988's "" mona lisa overdrive "" are generally considered to be the definitive works of the "" cyberpunk "" science-fiction sub-genre ."	0
"while in a bar after doing a show with their band , based on their love of neil diamond , darren meets a young woman named judith ( amanda peet ) whom he instantly falls for ."	0
there are some pretty impressive stars in lost in space - it's just that none of them happen to be actors .	0
"it goes without saying that "" desperate measures "" needs an operation of its very own ."	0
"he decides that he wants to be a physician , leaves the place and a couple of years later enrolls in the medical college of virginia ."	0
"the problem is , after the critical and certain box office failure of _54_ , the subject may have run its hollywood course ."	0
"she dies , the perps ."	0
"unfortunately , the bottom line is that the movie will be a success , because teenagers will pay to see any trash ."	0
"through a series of short sessions , caulder tries to put together the complex psyche of powell ."	0
i guess i'll stick to that other survival spectacle ? you know the one on cbs ?	0
"and watching dreyfuss stumble over a completely unprepared speech is funny and entertaining , but i think that most members of the on-screen audience would be able to see that he is making everything up as he goes ."	0
"as if a cast deserving of their snack food-fate isn't bad enough ( when you taunt the monster , you're really asking for it ) , "" deep rising "" is a slow , stupid slog through a story without a single bright spot ."	0
the usual things happen like clockwork .	0
a sequel soon followed and even made $45 million .	0
"hush has three very simple problems : it's incredibly dumb , it's incredibly boring , and it's incredibly predictable ( at least up to the stupefying ending ) ."	0
"the one note in borgnine's one-note performance is to be a cranky old man that argues with hackman every step of the way while buttons and the hippie fall in love ( although since there isn't a sex scene , we never find out if his buttons really are red ) and albertson and winters wonder if they'll live to see their grandson's birth ."	0
"* * a little creaky , but still better than staying at home with gotcha !"	0
"this film would have gotten a c+ if arnold stood in front of a camera and shouted "" you are a ! $@^@ * ^"	0
"the mercenaries even run into a lone , surviving passenger ( femke jannsen ) who looks amazingly like sandra bullock ."	0
"ethan does this rescue against all odds , as he finds a way to penetrate a security tight biotech company , fight it out with sean and the other terrorists , and rescue nyah , who injected herself with the virus to hinder sean's getting it , as the only way to transport the virus is through another person or from the vaccine needle ."	0
the energy of her character is palpable and is a major reason the movie is so watchable .	0
gary sinise is wasted in role that requires him to look as if he is experiencing sleep depravation .	0
it's not even worth a 99-cent video rental .	0
"it's about kirk and picard , the cowboy and the politician , sharing the screen ."	0
wow . . . a	0
"there are only a couple of minor problems : 1 ) jimmy's 30th birthday is the next day ; 2 ) anne is nowhere to be found , meaning jimmy has to find another willing bride from among his many ex-girlfriends ."	0
theater in real life is engrossing .	0
charm and more slo-mo close-ups of his preening mug .	0
"in her opening monologue , a monologue which sounds as though henstridge was reading from cue cards , we learn that she has gone to great lengths to secure a fake passport for her son ."	0
"oh , how i wish you had heard them ."	0
the ozone layer has long since gone and the earth is now protected from radiation by a shield invented by connor mccleod .	0
"our main man is a fellow named steve clark , blandly played by jimmy marsden ."	0
"course , after he blows up a lot of stuff and kills a bunch of people ."	0
"that's convenient , because sarah would one day like to live and work in paris ( you won't believe the film's final shot , with its cheesy eiffel tower backdrop and "" rosemary's baby "" -inspired imagery ) ."	0
leigh ann's best friend ( marisa coughlan ) encourages her to use it .	0
"there's wit in here somewhere , i'm told ."	0
"the people in "" wild things "" are not so much people as they are caricatures ."	0
bats is this year's camp flick .	0
"there is no doubt in my mind that director lumet has stuck closely to the original , but the film itself is simply lifeless , with only an occasional laugh popping up here and there so that it isn't completely unbearable to watch ."	0
but i suppose we all need to put food on the table .	0
but it is the supporting cast that i feel most badly about .	0
"with the real horrors of the world put before us on television , a stale pastry such as "" idle hands "" should be held from release for a few weeks or months to give us time to catch our collective breaths ."	0
hc : and here's the 2-2 pitch .	0
"this presents two problems : a ) they haven't received a penny in royalties and b ) nerds on the internet ( "" what's the internet ? "" )"	0
"vampire hunter d is a gory , gory film ."	0
"we first see young max keeble ( alex d . linz , home alone 3 ) as a pint-sized superhero , delivering newspapers with the pinpoint accuracy of a david beckham cross , foiling the diabolical plans of the evil ice cream man ( jamie kennedy , jay and silent bob strike back ) and landing the neighborhood honey ( brooke anne smith ) , who , by the way , is the hottest chick in a disney film since emmanuelle chriqui played claire boner in snow day ."	0
"adorn the 1/4 page ad for this movie tabbed as "" the #1 comedy in america "" as of may 8th ."	0
are filmmakers so bankrupt of ingenuity and ideas that they must always have a timer ticking away during the climax ?	0
"but soon the pillow with the gun is fished out of the water , giving the police cause to arrest him and search his home ."	0
"this is where the movie , in my opinion falls apart ."	0
"kersey decides to avenge his death and slowly prepares for his crusade , while the police inspector shriker ( ed lauter ) , ants to use him as a secret weapon in his losing war against the urban crime ."	0
the movie appears to be intent on flogging its terribly-'90s statement until they have it coming out of your ears .	0
"chris tucker is one of those guys you immediately get a reaction from -- you either find his helium voice , crazy eyes and jerky mannerisms funny or annoying ."	0
pay it forward has the dubious distinction of being a film that could be used as an argument for why actors shouldn't get academy awards .	0
"now , you're suffering the demise of yet another of your epics , the postman , a film so financially disastrous that it all but eradicated the memory waterworld's and tin cup's mildly lucrative box office takes ."	0
"everywhere she looks , she sees visions of the man in a rubber slicker with the hook on his hand ."	0
( 4 ) murphy has written for himself perhaps his blandest role to date .	0
"to make matters worse , you'll be forced to sit through the movie's clothed scenes , which don't cover up for laughable acting and some of the most absurd dialogue ever spoken in film history ."	0
"lacrosse knows his killer's work , and he knows that the man is still out there somewhere trying to continue their game ."	0
"the great aforementioned question is sidetracked into gimmicky subplots that have been done before , and just come out stale ."	0
"john belushi's absence leaves a terrible hole in the film , and although three new characters are created to fill the void , it is still very noticeable ."	0
chambers' d'artangnan isn't a musketeer -- he's a mouseketeer !	0
characters who may ( wink wink ) turn out to be villains are photographed in ominous shadow ; cutaway inserts of the captain campbell's still-living face after the corpse is uncovered insure against five-minute attention spans .	0
"it has some effects , but the most intriguing effect he shows only as an outline on a radar screen ."	0
"a whole bunch of people in texas get killed , so a sheriff guy and a scientist lady are brought in to kill the bats ."	0
he will do it during a weekend visit to meet debbie's family and to attend her sister's wedding .	0
mind erasing aliens ) find him and use him for their own evil conspiracy .	0
"and it has will patton as a long lost husband trying to reunite with his separated wife and child , who thinks he's a salesman !"	0
"no , a couple of rocks fall on him and break his leg ."	0
both movies are on video .	0
their history together is an intriguing plot device but is barely exploited .	0
"the only thing that stopped me walking out was loyalty to my lady friend , as this was our day out and i hadn't seen her in ages ."	0
the most astonishing thing about deep rising is the exceptionally high level of gore .	0
"another character , schlubby businessman reacts to the loss of his job by actually killing his own baby !"	0
"there's always the feeling that there's a trainer off in the wings , coaxing the dogs to open doors , or pick up their food bowls in unison , or pop a tape into the videocasette recorder ."	0
"the melodrama isn't of the entertaining kind either ; it's the hokey , rammed-down-your-throat variety where every emotion is exaggerated to the point of absurdity ."	0
yea .	0
"i have news for you , eric : no wrestling fan in this day and age is dumb enough to believe that professional wrestling isn't for show , unless they are four years old ."	0
"i hated that movie , and yet , it is so much better than these latest two excursions ."	0
"i blame it on my sudden craving for a scare and my anticipation of "" sleepy hollow . """	0
"good movies "" ."	0
"we are able to identify with eve ( ryan ) , the most open and caring daughter , because she is the one who stayed by her father's side as everyone else moved forward to pursue a impending career ."	0
also worthy of note are lindy hemming's costumes that help to depict the area quite nicely .	0
soon every sense of decency is forgotten .	0
"and each member of their inexperienced crew ( stephan gevedon , brandon sexton iii , and josh lucas ) is coping with his own personal demons as , one by one , their minds seem to be affected by the grim areas in which they're working ."	0
"there are even some subtle tie-ins with contemporary ufo-ology , including the "" greys "" and the roswell crash of 1947 ."	0
what the message here ?	0
it rips off a lot of good movies that are worth seeing .	0
"but in this crap ensemble director's film , all four give pitiful efforts ."	0
kyle just hopes that his wedding will live up to laura's demanding expectations .	0
"based on michael crichton's book , eaters of the dead , this viking saga tries to evoke the mysticism of fabled norsemen and the glorious battles that they fought ."	0
you know what a goof field is : that invisible zone in which anyone who has intent to do harm to you becomes a klutz no matter what their real dexterity is .	0
it's a crime story so wrapped up in its own little world it has a claustrophobic atmosphere - a film that won't allow the story much room to expand outside its handful of characters and somehow still manages to turn a simple premise into something so complex its ridiculous .	0
"in fact , the trial is over about fifteen or twenty minutes into the film ."	0
"supposedly we're to believe she now has super strength by virtue of being controlled by satan , but the script never sets that up , so the scene is merely silly ."	0
that wide-open face and helium voiced earnestness suggests a little girl not fully grown into her thirty-year-old body .	0
"and the last thing the film wants to be is a "" behind-the-scenes "" look at an exploitation film being made ."	0
just tell us it's the future .	0
one scene is a lover's spat between two minor characters .	0
and this certainly isn't quality .	0
"when salva made "" powder "" ( 1995 ) , the story of an albino boy with supernatural abilities , disney studio executives claimed that they did not know about his prior conviction as a pedophile ."	0
"eventually the pacing rapidly increases , but the amount of genuine interest does not ."	0
"how this is supposed to work , i still have no idea , but i liked katana's line , "" i knew love would keep us together , "" since that captain and tennille song ran through my head and i got a good laugh ."	0
"they are soon engaged , and max , because of his own raging libido , grows suspicious of samantha's fidelity ."	0
that this big-budget remake won't rise above its roots is fairly obvious .	0
"whenever the score starts up , it sounds like techno music , and then this awful indian or middle eastern type music will accompany it ."	0
the sub-plot with a male dancer ( glenn plummer ) who claims to see talent in nomi is just a gratuitous opportunity to let her dance naked a little bit more .	0
"yet , they board the ship armed to the hilt with grenades and machine guns that can kill dozens in a matter of seconds ."	0
"at least neill makes some effort to retain the dignity of his character , and there is much less gore than in "" the lost world "" , making this installment more suitable for children ."	0
"at times , i almost found myself rooting for the snake ."	0
"however , the fight goes on for way too long and becomes very repetitive and predictable after awhile , kind of like the whole film ."	0
"it's predictable from the first scene , the screenplay is written like a rip-off of a photocopied bootlegged play ."	0
a standout performance by ben kingsley as don cannot save what is essentially a set of cliches recycled from old westerns .	0
pathetic .	0
"the 1968 script had little subtlety , with lines like "" i never met an ape i didn't like , "" but at least we cared for what happened to taylor , the main character ."	0
"ah , how sweet the irony !"	0
"young einstein is embarrassingly lame , but that didn't stop it from becoming a phenomenon in australia , where it became the third largest box office hit of all time ."	0
"if you've seen the trailers , you've seen the best parts ."	0
"from what i've heard , his original vision was something considerably more dark and daring , starting with the shane character : he was conceived ( and actually filmed ) as a wild , morally ambiguous bisexual , which would have made an efficient springboard to cover the pansexual pleasure palace aspect of studio 54's legend ."	0
the major problem with entrapment is its script .	0
"not too conspicuous , eh ?"	0
"inspector gadget , oddly enough , follows almost exactly the same format as my favorite martian , down to the jive-talking side-kick ."	0
"even worse , the only compatible donor is violent sociopath peter mccabe ( michael keaton ) , currently serving a life sentence for multiple murders and other various crimes against society ."	0
"once again , dreamworks has churned out another average movie ."	0
"the violin becomes morritz's obsession , just as it is for all those who converge on a montreal auction house to bid on it ."	0
"the special effects , the story , the great dialogue were woven together so delicately and successfully that my mind lost track that this was a "" children's film "" --so much so that , yes , i got a little overly sentimental ."	0
"apparently every woman in palmetto is a raving horndog , and they're on harry like he's the only bone in the kennel ."	0
de palma is maddeningly inconsistent .	0
"there's a big name in the crowd , and that's the secretary of defense , charles kirkland ( joel fabiani ) , who's sitting behind rick , and who gets shot a second after the heavyweight champion , lincoln tyler ( stan shaw ) , is knocked out ."	0
"with a country wrapped up in feverish debate over the crime issue and the rights of the accused and the incarcerated in jeopardy , this expose would offer something rare to recent american movies--a point of view ."	0
"it feels like the matrix , mission : impossible 2 , and cleopatra jones and the casino of gold all rolled into one ."	0
""" the things i like about my ass . . . """	0
so what was the point of all this ?	0
"the cavemen ( led by barry pepper ) are forced to do their bidding or whatever , but eventually they gain the upper hand and reclaim the planet , or something ."	0
i sure did . . . it's	0
"the original always left you feeling danger was lurking right around the corner , part 2 had more of the feel of a music video ."	0
"you know , standard kid movie material ."	0
"the thing is alicia's in most of them in most cases , and the thoughts aren't too kosher ."	0
maybe i'm becoming a softy .	0
"sadly but truly again like most recent films , all the good parts are in the trailers ."	0
"plus , to see a wonderful actor like billy bob thornton is a film like armageddon is a waste of the actor's talents ."	0
it wouldn't have taken a genius to figure out that this thing wasn't going to fly .	0
"the first 10 minutes or so vaguely resemble an interesting film , and the conclusion sports a halfway decent fistfight ."	0
"drives away to reveal one of the villains ( bad , right ? ) ."	0
but they're not nearly enough to make the film worthwhile .	0
attention moviegoers : you are about to enter a meaning-free zone .	0
"the so-called "" hero "" in question is john moxin ( james van der beek ) , a senior at west canaan high school who plays for the varsity football team , but is really just hoping to get a scholarship at brown university so that he can get out of the dead-end town ."	0
hopeful still ?	0
"it's during the time of the depression , and all this theater wants to do is entertain and cheer up those who do not have jobs , or are poor ."	0
"brutality through the eyes of the innocent and stripped of it every single day growing up is something that has a lot of emotional potential power behind it , and the opening scenes tap into it a little ."	0
"the day before the boat trip , joe meets one of graynamore's daughters ."	0
"long accidentally melts 18 soldiers and defoliates virtually the entire island , due to an enormously miscalculated safety distance ."	0
""" detroit rock city "" doesn't quite reach that level of ineptitude , but it gets dangerously close ."	0
"yet this ever-reliable swedish actor adds depth and significance to the otherwise plodding and forgettable aberdeen , a sentimental and painfully mundane european drama ."	0
"mr . schumacher's focus for batman and robin appears to be to make the film as visually striking as possible , to the detriment of the story - there are drastic shifts in the tone of the film between all-out camp and heartfelt drama , with the latter completely unconvincing and ineffective ."	0
"deep rising , a big-undersea-serpent yarn , doesn't quite pass the test ."	0
"- there is a conspiracy in the vatican riding on the result of the visit , though that result seems small compared to the end of the world ."	0
"like the cheap jeans and "" pumma "" sneakers manufactured in hong kong , van damme's latest is a real phony ."	0
huh ?	0
"it is not , however , a good movie , and all of the reasons i've listed above have something to do with why ."	0
"sean connery is given such mind-numbing lines as "" never trust a naked woman . """	0
the sequence was there for a purpose : to evoke a strong emotional response from the viewer .	0
e . g .	0
"why he chose arquette remains a mystery , though ."	0
a low point in the careers of both stars .	0
she tells him to fuck off or something to that note .	0
"instead of creating a cohesive atmospheric theme for the entire film , we get the distraction of one of theme followed by another , just because the director thought he should show off some of the countryside ."	0
"djimon honsou , who received raves for his performance as a noble slave in december's "" amistad , "" pops up in a brief part ."	0
"it cried out for a sequel , but john belushi's untimely death seemed to eliminate the idea ."	0
"he is relegated to the "" i'm not sticking around here ! """	0
"the acting is bland , and since there is virtually no character development no one seems to care ."	0
"you do laugh , but you laugh at the film , not with it ."	0
in any case having one talking race dominating another makes this not a look at human-animal relationships and more one of the master-slave relationships .	0
""" why are they churning out stale dialogue with machine-gun rapidity ? """	0
she has the maid drag the kids out of bed to come down and clean up the mess she's making .	0
"the only person who seems to be having fun in this movie is jackson , who's funny as the mathematician who slowly goes crazy and entering the sphere ."	0
"the jokes are right out of "" mchale's navy "" and other cut-rate sitcoms of the past ."	0
"now , what does that tell you ?"	0
"while stallone still carries his own weight here , the movie lacks what the original did as well : purpose ."	0
well as committing suicide .	0
"why it is necessary to do this is not satisfactorily explained , but neither are a lot of aspects of the plot ."	0
"the most annoying plot facet is the reason that the whole of the movie comes to be : todd fails to show physical superiority against caine - in fact , not even todd and two of his companions can best the baddie - but near the end of the movie he shows remarkable prowess with automatic weaponry ."	0
"here's a guy , because of his many sitcom roles , who's ingrained in the consciousness as a nice guy who always does the right thing ."	0
"if you can imagine 'shemp' from the three stooges playing the detective hero of an hbo 'lingerie suspense' thriller , that's how out of synch this movie feels ."	0
"no attention is paid to the location of the story , and the music is altered to fit a very generic thriller theme ."	0
"the inherent challenge was in making the film suspenseful and scary , even though a large group of the audience will know exactly what will happen at the exact time ."	0
the result is a mix of genres that don't mesh well .	0
`any given sunday' is a visual kaleidoscope that leaves the audience in a frustrated stupor more frequently than it excites them .	0
he speaks very slow and halting english but perfectly fluent jamaican patois .	0
"until some hipper , cooler , leather-clad flyboy assist in the guise of russell bell ( thornton ) shows up to challenge falzone's finite air space ."	0
the old television series that this is based on has its moments of humor and wit .	0
"this seems to have nothing to do with the main line of the story , but later when the tobacco industry is so much harder to manipulate than committed terrorists , we have a wry irony on who really has clout in the world ."	0
"an awful adventure is not without * some * rewards , tho ."	0
"before she can use the information , the government decides to push her car off the road ."	0
"he fakes injuries to get off duty , tries to avoid arrest situations so that he won't have to fill out any forms . . . now"	0
"for example , the two gym teachers , mrs . balbricker ( nancy parsons ) and honeywell ( kim cattrall ) , only have one purpose , and that is to be made fun of ."	0
something happens though during the film's final act that caused me to sharply drop the rating it was going to receive .	0
"the disc includes the film in its original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 85 : 1 , and features the original theatrical trailer ( as well as trailers for mystery alaska , happy texas , and outside providence ) , an extremely brief production featurette ( which contains footage not used in the film ) , and storyboard-to-scene comparisons ."	0
"as almost an afterthought , about halfway through , the film carelessly gives him a character trait ( an addiction ) , and then drops it in the next scene ."	0
"although 1998's "" halloween : h20 "" was also a disappointment , at least she was given a few scenes to develop a character , unlike here ."	0
get the picture ?	0
"epps and ribisi fare slightly better and do as well as can be expected , although their characters aren't nearly as rich as danes' could have been ."	0
often reviewers will recommend that you skip mediocre films and wait for the video .	0
i'm not sure if writer/director/co-star jeff b . harmon was purposely trying to offend people because he believes in some of the ideas his movie presents or if he was just going for cheap laughs .	0
"carlyle and miller are the titular highwaymen , plunkett ( carlyle ) who is poor and unruly , and captain james macleane ( miller ) a clean cut gentleman ."	0
and the music .	0
"it's a difficult role for an adult , much less a young child , to play , and unfortunately hughes never convinces us that he isn't playing like he's autistic ."	0
"to give it credit , senseless does try to create a secondary joke with darryl's roommate , tim laflour ( matthew lillard ) ."	0
the most irritating part of the film ( besides the fact that this is a christmas movie released in february ) is the number of chances the bad guys get to kill rudy but fail or delay for some idiotic reason .	0
it's a bad plan .	0
cut batgirl out .	0
"starring : wesley snipes , anne archer , michael chaykin , donald sutherland , marie matiko ."	0
"you don't need to have seen the original "" species "" to appreciate how utterly lousy "" species ii "" is ."	0
"with a little more maturity and different handling , "" mandingo "" might have been an effective , worthwhile film ."	0
this character is merely a poor man's obi wan kenobi without all the mythological hoopla .	0
"that's what director garry marshall , screenwriter gina wendkos and , not to be outdone , producer whitney houston have done with the g-rated disney film "" the princess diaries . """	0
arnold has neither the dramatic range nor the speaking ability to pull off a character tormented by conflicting emotions .	0
"a complete waste of time , this movie was trying to catch up with the new sexually permissive seventies ."	0
"after pumping him for information , drix tells osmosis , "" funny , he doesn't look fluish . """	0
chris o'donnell is not as bad an actor as casper van dien but that is not saying a great deal .	0
"with this film , warner brothers has succeeded in retrograding the series back to it's tv incarnation ."	0
"at times , the humor in go is sickly funny , and on a low night , almost watchable ; but for the majority of its running time and for most viewers , this movie will best be left to teens at blockbuster on a saturday night ."	0
"and if there was no witch , then what about the vanishing tree ?"	0
( 7 ) murphy's idea of drama is a scene in which his character apologizes for the first time in his life .	0
"because , you see , fair game is not only a showcase for recycled action cliches and terrible acting , but also some seriously bad dialogue ."	0
the residents of mystery love hockey .	0
"they take her in to meet the president of the united states , president beck ( morgan freeman ) ."	0
"they're a typical aaron spelling couple , good-looking but as vacant as george w . bush's republican national convention speech ( i . e ."	0
"which is ironic , since children are , probably , carrey's best audience ."	0
then a bunch of other uninteresting things happen .	0
throw in that hunk of a guy keanu reeves and a cast of wacky characters and poof !	0
"the line is "" my dad used to be a marine , i bet i can work it . """	0
not that there is much of a romance to begin with .	0
"the woman that talks him into this witty task is the cinema owner ( leticia vota ) who also happens to be engaged to the town's police inspector , a figure who soon becomes suspicious of his fiance's involvement with this musician ."	0
( heckerling is so laissez-faire about the issue in general that she reserves the comeuppance of the would-be rapists for jokey epilogue titles . )	0
there are movies that pose a question in its first five minutes and spend the rest of the time trying to answer it .	0
"but , despite all this reaching , the resulting movie is more unintentionally funny than intentionally enigmatical or compelling ."	0
"at first glance , i thought that the sword and the sorceror had promise ."	0
"it may be that someone had the clever idea of combining the dumas characters and story with the current enamor with the action work of hong kong imports like this film's xin-xin xiong ( "" once upon a time in china "" ) and yuen woo-ping from "" crouching tiger , hidden dragon . """	0
fright night part 2 tries to duplicate that modern style but it falls sort .	0
"odd how warren seemed to aim that ball right at him , almost as if he has a grudge to settle ."	0
"it's not so much that the movie swore nearly constantly ( and i mean constantly ! ) , but it swore so much that it seemed overly prominent and way too staged ."	0
the answer to that question is three letters long .	0
"deuce goes on numerous "" dates "" , and each woman he goes out with has a "" humorous "" quirk about herself ."	0
"a rescue mission is planned with husband & wife team woody blake ( tim robbins ) and terri fisher ( connie nielsen ) , obligatory pilot with a troubled past jim mcconnell ( gary sinise ) , and extra crew member phil ohlmyer ( jerry o'connell ) along for the ride ."	0
"of course , i've already mentioned that i didn't care for murphy's character , but i have to admit that i did love his neckties ."	0
"this religious quest is slightly disturbing for his parents ( dana delany and denis leary ) , but they do their best to cope with their son as he explores different religious faiths ."	0
pretty .	0
.	0
"the screenplay has him in romania so he can get fired , get in a car accident , and get saved by an enormous individual who stands almost eight feet tall ."	0
action sequences fizzle .	0
everything else in this movie has been taken from other ( better ) movies .	0
david lynch is in large part a dark satirist .	0
"loathing each other all the while , they make periodic stops for tomas to puke on the dashboard or pass out -- whenever he isn't muttering what a rotten kid she turned out to be ."	0
"not content to stick any hollywood type with only one jab from his rapier wit , eszterhas fills the screen with bullet points every time a new character appears ."	0
"apart from a remotely exciting pod race sequence , episode 1 is a dry affair that serves little purpose , except to make money and to get us to watch episode 2 to see what happens to the many unfinished plot lines in the film ."	0
look . i'll be honest here .	0
"and , i haven't even mentioned his financee's visiting parents who want them to separate , nor melvin's mistress , nor the pimple-faced video clerk demanding the return of an overdue video and on and on and on ."	0
"it looks nicer , and has fewer plot-holes within its equally ludicrous framework ."	0
"my giant , as a comedy , is only moderately funny ."	0
"instead what ensues is an hour and a half of repetitive vignettes , the next scene no more engaging than the last ."	0
.	0
"meanwhile , man has finally set foot on mars ."	0
what ensues is a series upon series of completely unrelated conflicts .	0
"the action scenes are just as bland , since they're pretty much just rehashes of action elements that weren't particularly entertaining the first time around ."	0
"another subplot in the film is the relationship between cindy , played by goldie hawn's daughter , and jack , played by jay mohr ."	0
more time needed to be spent on white's character before he became spawn for the movie to pull at the heartstrings .	0
"this turkey , ultimately , isn't awful , but it's not particularly interesting or unique either ."	0
"if so , we probably don't need to be bashed over the head to get the point ."	0
jean-claude van damme stars as ( i think ) a designer jeans executive who discovers his half-brother has been supplying him with cheaper goods .	0
"while the first half of the film leaves the audience guessing as to what's exactly going on , the second half dissolves into standard ghost story stuff and loses some of its suspense ."	0
"kieren culkin is here , too , as the brother of cook ."	0
"buddy , kevin ."	0
"hey , i'm actually starting to sound a little like harry knowles here , but i guess i could see where his frustration comes from time to time ."	0
"signy coleman as dietz's love interest , is , on the other hand , quite miscast ."	0
"turns out , it's all part of a needless , very puzzling , extremely elaborate and convoluted scheme ( it involves hiring special impersonators ) by two cons in order to fool harry , a hero who barely has the intellectual capacity of a wooden post ."	0
"here , the laughs are provided almost entirely by kevin j . o'connor , generally amusing as the crew's fraidy-cat mechanic ."	0
"simon was able to get away , and jeffries finds him hiding in a secret compartment in a closet , which the rest of the chicago police department had overlooked ."	0
"there are even some subtle tie-ins with contemporary ufo-ology , including the "" greys "" and the roswell crash of 1947 ."	0
"more to the point , it's the refusal to acknowledge that characterizations matter when you're telling a story about a relationship ."	0
to call his character ( along with schreiber's and unger's ) a stick figure would be a gross understatement .	0
what i got was 90 minutes of regret--the worst alicia silverstone movie ever .	0
"then show a caption reading "" six days earlier . . . """	0
"the film gives a half hearted reason why she should want to do this , but it isn't very convincing ."	0
"among the cast , coming off best is david arquette , the current master in the portrayal of meek , squirming , stammering fresh-faced characters - he would have been terrific as the lead for george huang's swimming with sharks - who gets to apply his adeptness for timidity as terry ."	0
though the script and the interpretation of the novel are quite lacking .	0
plot : something about a bunch of kids going into a haunted house and playing out parodies of other horror and non-horror movies .	0
"he's befriended by sarah ( mia kirshner ) , presumably an older version of the child who narrated the first film ."	0
very funny !	0
"now i've never seen seven chances , as i'm more of a chaplin fan than a keaton fan , but i seriously doubt that the classic version could be as insipid as this ."	0
"yet , in both films , the real goal is to create a vicarious bond with the audience ."	0
"if that's the case , forgiveness is granted ."	0
"well , it must have to the producers of junior ."	0
what makes this all wrong is that nobody seems to have what the film needs .	0
"for the most part , the lot of blacks and other racial groups have improved ."	0
the film is giving homage to how blindly faithful of their wrestlers but not all wrestling fans are that way .	0
"i have no idea what the filmmaker was trying to say in this film , but whatever it was , it just didn't work ."	0
arnold scharzenegger walks through his part with all the concern of someone waiting for payday .	0
"the film then throws in a murder mystery with a cop played peter greene , acting like he wants to get the chance at a reprisal of his role in the mask 2 . the film then simply dissolves into a cheap rip-off of dante's inferno mixed with an old stephen j . cannell television pilot ."	0
"paltrow and johnathon schaech play helen and jackson , a photogenic new york couple on their way to spend christmas vacation at his wealthy , well-to-do family's horse farm/estate kilronan ."	0
anna then comes in and cries a bit .	0
"i suppose i enjoyed some of the camera work , but the incessant desperation of it all made me rather nauseous ."	0
"unfortunately , a few giggles can't make bubble boy the riotous , off-the-wall comedy it so desperately wants to be ."	0
"from the outset , jimmy's motivation isn't cash ; it's the livelihoods of his devoted employees ."	0
"unlike most ed wood films , this one tries to be funny and fails , instead of the other way around ."	0
"too bad really that this is a bad movie , surprisingly the first movie was entertaining and somewhat absorbing , the second was a piece of trash and this one is almost in between ."	0
"nick mancuso's chainsmoking , nervous-wreck character does not have the cheesy lines that butler's character delivers , but his ridiculously overdone performance provides for some better comic relief ."	0
"the film piles on the clich ? s like there's no tomorrow , including the predictable plot ( anthro-zoologists ship gigantic gorilla to l . a . where urban havoc is inevitably wrought ) , predictable villain ( a lithuanian i think i overheard someplace ) , predictable love story ( bill and charlize--surprise ! ) , and predictable denouement ( "" 'twas box-office receipts that killed the beast "" ) ."	0
somebody better get him some ice for that .	0
"the last 10 minutes will undoubtly throw you a curve , but by this point , will you even care ?"	0
i can't remember when we disagreed on the relative merits of a clunker until species 2 came along .	0
then again . . . maybe	0
"by the way , is there any reason why the studio or the producer couldn't have cut another version of the film by the way of all the filmed stock that was left over ?"	0
"synopsis : melissa , a mentally-disturbed woman who likes to smoke , seduces doug , a minor-league baseball player who likes to study anatomy , work on motorcycles , and make out with his girlfriend in a public library ."	0
he clearly was in a dangerous business at one time and now he seems to be drifting around on his own somewhere in france .	0
"the captain gives webb three days to convert owens into marine material or , the captain will "" personally cut the lace off his panties and ship him out myself . """	0
director and writer : darren stein	0
"all the performers have to work with a soppy script , that tries it's best to get some emotion going , but never takes off the ground ."	0
"that day itself is long and frustrating , the document of a nation's attempt to find a voice ."	0
it constantly reminded us we were watching a superhero movie-- a very bad superhero movie .	0
there's a touching death .	0
"as long as she gets her way , martha is a perfectly amicable person , but when helen defies her , it's a declaration of war ."	0
ooooooooh !	0
"like most slasher flicks , this one also centers around a young female main character whose friends are slowly killed off by a knife wielding maniac ( or in this case an axe wielding maniac ) ."	0
suffice it to say the most original thing about this movie is having donald sutherland play an irish man ( ! ) .	0
"it's mostly just about the big gorilla , but , strictly as a formality , the movie also has a few human characters ."	0
"but do not , under any circumstances , spend your vacation doing the same thing you do for a living ."	0
"paltrow , showing immense talent in se7en ( 1995 ) and sliding doors ( 1997 ) is strangely stilted , even unconvincing , in this movie ."	0
"along the way to it goal ( goal ? ) , the film manages to spoof mainly the james bond type films , but also manages to hit on films such as home alone and sister act ."	0
and how is it that the fellow that screws over all of his buddies is able to round up exactly five friends to complete the number of people required to enter the realm at exactly the same time ?	0
they use night vision goggles and really powerful handguns .	0
"depending on your degree of cinematic acumen , last man standing is either a ) a prohibition-era remake of akira kurosawa's 1961 classic yojimbo ; b ) a prohibition-era remake of sergio leone's 1964 classic a fistful of dollars ; c ) a prohibition-era action drama with a completely original story-line ."	0
"besides this , the action is mediocre when compared to the standard action flicks of this day and age ."	0
"the film was full of inspirational speeches where people really said nothing , though the sappy score swelled up to make it appear as if they were being profoundly touching ."	0
"it owes less to "" halloween "" and more to kafka and orwell , which , in my book , makes for a more interesting feature ."	0
"shouldn't our butt-kicking heroine also encompass the sophistication of , say , james bond with the wit of indiana jones ?"	0
"cinema , on the other hand , is the opposite ."	0
"the wrestling is betters , they're funnier , more diverse , and have better entrance themes ."	0
"take out the helicopters , the quasi-incestuous relationship between the mother and her sons ( it is absolutely illogical , within the movie's framework , that dorian still lives with his mother and brother ) , and the scenes of murder ( attempted and otherwise ) , and what are you left with ?"	0
and with a $70 mill .	0
i imagine the japanese gods smiled down on lambert and provided him with a goof field that radiates out about ten feet from his body .	0
"`rumble' is nothing but a sloppy , frightfully unfunny swamp land of misbegotten retardation ."	0
the storyline is non-existent .	0
"colonel hall runs the entire fort and thanks to his inborn `blissfully-confused' state , bilko has managed to hide his operation , though nearly every living person in the fort knows about it ."	0
"it's also basically about violence and cheap titilation , and features a central relationship between a middle-aged man and a twelve-year-old girl with a decidedly ambiguous sexual dimension ."	0
"really , we don't care anyway ."	0
""" wing commander ? """	0
.	0
the script desperately tries to make an thin and boring story into a two hour epic .	0
only a quick cameo from norm macdonald ( and a follow up joke during the closing credits ) generates any chuckles .	0
"the problem is , i can't remember them as i write this review ."	0
"two hours later , they're still waiting ."	0
"another element that made the original so memorable were some superbly crafted set-pieces , like the store sequence with sarah michelle gellar , but there are none to speak of in this sequel ( although they do come close at one moment with brandy ) ."	0
they would have been better off going with something like the urban myth about alligators in the sewers .	0
"nice example is the humorous scene in the beginning , which turns into standard ramboesque bloodbath ."	0
"that wouldn't be so bad , if the characters had an ounce of subtlety or humanity to them ."	0
a frog man ( howard vernon ) who lives with water on the floor so he can raise his frogs and snails that he eats .	0
"kirshner , so beguiling in exotica , is here an exquisitely photographed blank ."	0
"there's also a considerable language barrier , given that chow and some of the other actors have thick chinese accents ."	0
"also attacking the ba'ku is data ( brent spiner ) , a robot from the star trek enterprise ."	0
"john frankenheimer , who made the unforgettable cold war drama the manchurian candidate way back in the early 60's , recently showed critics and fans alike that he still had some magic left in his directorial skills when he created the brilliant car chase scenes in ronin ."	0
it's time to take cover .	0
* * * be warned . . .	0
all of them play an important role .	0
but it's still bad .	0
barrymore doesn't seem to be able to convey anything other than a pretty face with nothing behind it : beauty but no attitude .	0
"batman was a creepy , brooding creature of the night ."	0
joan sims returns as the love interest ( instead of barbara windsor ) .	0
this is the worst movie that i have seen in years .	0
it's moronic fun at best .	0
"so , the people who , like the author of this review , grew up watching flintstones , popular 1960s animated series about "" modern stone age "" family , weren't particularly worried when the word came about live action remake ."	0
what's that ?	0
""" the gift "" is one of those movies that makes you wonder where you've seen this story before ."	0
"yes , the sets and costumes were an interesting exaggeration of 60s pop frills , and yes , the concept , dealing with a 60s secret agent/pop icon ( played by myers ) awakened from his cryogenic slumber to battle his arch enemy ( dr ."	0
"after a jailbreak , the killer puts on big sunglasses , wears a half-buttoned jacket , and uses his fatal charm to go after valerie ."	0
the vacant emotional attachment with the main character is not recaptured in the supporting performances .	0
"when the movie is running short on action , it includes a few greenpeace-friendly scenes of tarzan freeing caged animals , releasing a baby elephant from a trap , and throwing ivory tusks into the river ."	0
"and hardly * any * of "" the princess diaries "" works ( "" works , "" alas , implies cleverness and there's none of that here either ) ."	0
"in fast times at ridgemont high , she gave us sean penn's jeff spicoli ; in look who's talking , she turned bruce willis into a wise-cracking baby and provided john travolta with is first career revival ; in clueless , she found a star vehicle for the adorableness that is ( or was ) alicia silverstone ."	0
have a much better time .	0
"but one thing is for sure , it could really use a better title ."	0
reporters flee to the scene .	0
its also a damn shame that the makeup magic of rick baker -- who worked on the original nutty professor and won an academy award for his work on an american werewolf in london -- and amazing digital special effects that enabled murphy to interact with himself in such beautiful motions are built around such a lame story line .	0
thandie and cruise later meet in a bathtub in a scene that's about half as playfully charming as the jennifer lopez \ george cloony trunk meeting in out of sight .	0
"the sixth sense and its unexpected popularity is founded upon a twist ending that i knew going into the film ( one of roger ebert's colleges was kind enough to give it away on a recent segment of "" siskel and ebert "" ) ."	0
"they finally get to see him live and he is screwed out of his title by the evil , ruthless promoter titus sinclair ( a wasted palitaliano , in a role originally meant for real-life wcw president eric bischoff , whose name was written all over the role ! ) ."	0
"yes , that bill murray !"	0
"the plot of men with guns can be summarized "" in a central or south american country things are really bad for everybody in the mountains where the army clashes with the guerrillas ."	0
"compare his dramatic scenes in the world according to garp and moscow on the hudson with what dreams may come or patch adams , and see how much more mannered he has become ( or , at the very least , how much less sensible at choosing material ) ."	0
"we get the overly smart kid who manages to "" pull one "" over on the bad guys ."	0
did we attend the same movie ? !	0
"there's nothing new here ; it's jurassic park meets aliens , with a little independence day thrown in for bad measure ."	0
the story also fails to generate any kind of emotion .	0
the whole movie is therefore seriously undermined because the key point in the plot is never credible .	0
"after watching _a_night_at_the_roxbury_ , you'll be left with exactly the same ."	0
this is a drawn-out chase scene through dimly-lit abandoned buildings turned into an entire movie .	0
the consequences are painful to watch .	0
"for the first portion of this review , i'm going to try and center on the positive aspects of hudson hawk ."	0
"when the two are fixing a flat , they almost run down new age pilgrim "" g "" ( murphy ) ."	0
"no suspense , no chemistry between the leads , no real love or passion , no sense of surprise , plenty of plot holes for everyone and an extra moronic ending ."	0
"but no , they opted for the beautiful sunrise ending ."	0
"the family at the center of _polish_wedding_ is the pzoniaks , which consists of mother jadzia ( lena olin ) , father bolek ( gabriel byrne ) , sole daughter hala ( claire danes ) and four sons of varying degrees of facelessness ."	0
anyone who went to the movie expecting that left disappointed .	0
settle down .	0
none of these successfully capture the originals .	0
"that is their hero of course , whom is kicked out of the wcw ."	0
""" turbulence "" takes place at christmas time , yet the film was released a few days after the holidays ."	0
yessssss ! ?	0
blair witch 2 dispensed with such niceties and went straight for the gross-out .	0
something just made me feel compelled make the choice . ]	0
ugh .	0
villainous peter stormare is five steps past hammy .	0
he's dying of cancer with only a year to live .	0
yet it wouldn't be fair to say that everything is bad .	0
"immediately thereafter , schreiber's character tells lesra "" sometimes we don't pick the books we read , they pick us . """	0
her performance is one of the few things worth watching in the film .	0
"if you like the spice girls , you'll like them even more afterwards ."	0
these are the first words that came to mind after it was over .	0
"alas , any sense of his character has been left on the ranch , leaving us with only cute chicks like ali larter ( minus the whipped cream ) to watch ."	0
"finally , in the cargo hold , we see those that hired him ."	0
"we're introduced to norman goodman ( dustin hoffman ) , a psychologist who once wrote a $35 , 000 report for the government about what to do in the event that a crashed space ship is discovered ."	0
"unfortunately , every scene about alfred's sickness is bungled with such incompetence that there is absolutely no emotional resonance -- they just go through the motions , losing whatever impact the scenes were supposed to impart ."	0
"garry meets up with a coworker at a bank played by greg kinnear , who turns out to be a generic , unlikable scumbag ."	0
the original script of this film included arnold schwarzenegger and bruce willis .	0
i wish i could accurately describe the theme music for part 3 .	0
"okay , here's my theory ."	0
"the first five minutes or so of _roxbury_ play very much like one of the original "" roxbury guys "" skits ."	0
"though , more appropriately perhaps , it'd be better to say that it's the better of two turkeys ."	0
the discovery of flubber is going to save the college because brainard can sell his flying car to ford .	0
"pin it on the screenplay , which attempts to clear up vital issues in three or four minutes , while spending the rest of the running time in an annoying flurry of phone conversations ."	0
three of the nine manifestations of holy spirit listed in 1 corinthians 12 deal with receiving revelation .	0
but what's funny about a paraplegic girlfriend who gets turned on by having her legs caned or a skateboarding injury that results in an exposed kneecap ?	0
"and then there's moore , who may not have much prior experience in comedy , but who has certainly proven her ability as an actress ."	0
"she would have been fine if cindy lou was limited to her original purpose in the seuss story ( finding "" santa "" in her living room stealing the tree ) ."	0
""" don't believe the hype . """	0
hav plenty's story doesn't go anywhere .	0
and you're right .	0
"needless to say , his wise-cracking antics don't quite fit the character of the grinch , who is an embittered loner filled with hate ."	0
"now , "" the 13th warrior "" presents a tribe of flesh eating men who believe that they are bears ."	0
"when they recognize liddy later on during a white house field trip , they are ushered into a conference room , questioned as to what they know , and leave as official presidential dog walkers ."	0
"have a good vegas joke , make a vegas movie ) ."	0
it's really a shame that her career hasn't been better since she made this film .	0
"the first half of "" message in a bottle "" plays like a hum-drum , trite television movie for the lifetime channel , as theresa spends a great deal of time "" getting to know "" garrett , with dialogue that is not the least bit stimulating or entertaining ."	0
but none of them work well at all .	0
"easily the best batman yet , clooney's expressive eyes and weary smile gives the character a sense of depth that the script doesn't even hint at ."	0
arnold plays an alcoholic security guard who finds his new mission in life is to stop satan ( occupying gabriel byrne's body and possessing a wall st . bank account ) from destroying the world .	0
teamwork was the key .	0
"the opening credits sequence introduces us to cage as cameron poe , a gulf war veteran convicted of manslaughter and serving eight years in prison after an ill-fated bar-room brawl ."	0
"a tv newswoman , diana ( gabrielle fitzpatrick ) , covertly tapes a drug deal involving kingpin giancarlo ( richard norton ) and a local gang of toughs , the demons ."	0
it creates an uneven character that never breaks out of the deniro mold ; you always know it's him .	0
"on the other hand , quiz kid donnie smith ( william macy , mystery men ) would like nothing more than to return to the spotlight when he was a "" somebody . """	0
not too good for a 'thriller . '	0
"a very dissapointing sequel , indeed ."	0
heston's companions are killed or turned into vegetables by the apon is imprisoned .	0
but the wretched dialogue goes along well with the wretched quality of everything else in this movie .	0
"( for example , no one can recognize capt . amazing in his secret identity because he's wearing glasses . )"	0
they'll make you frown in disbelief .	0
"unfortunately , i still know's characters aren't all that funny ."	0
"critique : the truth is that if i didn't have a day job , i would probably watch the real "" jerry springer "" show every day ."	0
"however , jack is suspicious , believing that he was 'taken out' ."	0
and what is the deal with the slasher himself ?	0
"a member of the faculty , one of her competitors for the hitchcock , or is there something even more stupid going on ?"	0
the characters ?	0
this behavior has of course estranged her from her only sister and from life itself .	0
"at the very least , i was expecting the new film version of the classic television series to have at least some kind of similar effect on me ."	0
""" end of days "" might have had camp value , if only it didn't top itself off with an overly pious ending that nobody's going to buy ."	0
it could be a brilliant satire on how teenagers need to go through teen angst in order to find themselves .	0
"dunaway's henchmen ( played by peter cook and brenda vaccaro ) fare much better , with vaccaro coming off best as the equivalent of ned beatty's otis character from the first two superman movies ."	0
"courtroom dramas can be fun , but this is ridiculous ."	0
"after throwing out constant one-liners ( "" either god is in the salvage business or big foot just took my car . "" ) ,"	0
"unfortunately , when it comes time to have those people walk and talk , he hasn't the faintest notion of what to do ."	0
"everyone in the film is a device , and it's painful to keep watching just to see another one appear ."	0
douglas rita . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . olympia	0
paleontology is no longer the sexy science it once was since the ingen corporation cloned his subject matter .	0
we all saw natasha's breasts in species ( although this is one repeat performance i'm not complaining about ) .	0
"this movie , in fact , makes other recent so-so horror films like urban legend and john carpenter's vampires seem like stunning works of high art ."	0
he is taken in and is subsequently transported on a commerical plane to la .	0
"it's as if they just whacked someone on the head , pointed at him and said , "" see ?"	0
anyone want to place a wager on his final decision ?	0
"should the sound system malfunction during your viewing of 200 cigarettes , do not panic ."	0
todd finds himself in the role of protector .	0
there was an audible sigh ( of relief ? )	0
fincher will hopefully regret making this film or at least learn a lesson .	0
ooh .	0
"what's missing from this sequence , and indeed scream 3's remaining frights ( most disappointingly , the moment when an ingenue is forced to hide in a wardrobe room filled with ghostface costumes , one of which might spring to life ) , is an elaborate and attenuated payoff ."	0
"his love ( kirstin scott thomas , mission impossible ) was severely injured in a plane crash , and eventually died in a cave ."	0
nor will you care .	0
.	0
a movie about divorce and custody in 1995 seems about as timely as a movie about mood rings .	0
perhaps the biggest problem is that disney has strayed from their familiar fable and fairy tale themes to history .	0
"sure he gave us a few chuckles with his well known one-liners , but he seemed confused as to where his character and the film was going ."	0
who cranked up the andrews sisters on the cd player and caused the swing to move on its own ?	0
they float to another part of the island as they watch lava pouring out of the volcano towards the villagers .	0
an original moment in this loser is as rare as a chicago cubs world series appearance .	0
"do you get annoyed seeing people talk on their cellulars in public places , shouting out loud , not giving a ratt's ass about anyone around them , and basically just wallowing in their own self-importance ?"	0
"barb wire was adapted from a comic book , interesting because pamela is probably the only woman who looks like a comic book character in real life , even wearing low-cut leather to do office work ( businesswoman bondage wear ) and having unreal body proportions ."	0
"both actresses fare better than neeson , who looks embarrassed to be a part of this ensemble ( and for good reason ) , and his character is the most bland ."	0
- combining of images usually pretty bad .	0
even the music is not as bombastic as it usually tends to be in the thriller/suspense genre .	0
) .	0
he accepts .	0
"barbara windsor is also funny as harriett the sex mad housemaid and member of the gang , and hattie jacques' small but effective role as the rector's housekeeper martha hoggett is played to perfection ."	0
"if anything is even marginally good in the picture , it is the bright animation style , so it is especially unfortunate that it wasn't to service a more quality film ."	0
"anyway , to return from nostalgia lane , and get back to the present , hollywood , in it's trendy attempt to modernize the classics , now presents an updated film version of great expectations ."	0
"in this film , three independent-minded men suddenly found themselves on a fishing boat in pursuit of a deadly shark ."	0
"but we didn't need "" double team "" to tell us he could do that , did we ?"	0
"now we have waterworld , which again brings the traditional lone gunman to town to rescue the young widow and her daughter ."	0
"fortunately for the creature , this particular band of criminals happens to be the dumbest the world can offer ."	0
"the film's conclusion is momumentally derivative , anti-climatic and unsatisying ."	0
"now if that isn't enough to get you to finally see a van damme movie , i don't know what is ."	0
""" metro "" is a no-nonsense movie ."	0
it is just kind of there .	0
"same goes for peter jackson's disgustingly gory "" dead alive , "" which features a 30 minute long fest of blood , guts , dismemberments , flesh chewing , and other assorted stuff , all ending with a guy with a lawn mower strapped to his body , taking out all sorts of zombies ."	0
"the jokes are crude , the characters are mean to the core , the attitude of the movie is that it just doesn't care ."	0
"whoa , partner , are you in for a surprise ."	0
it's manipulating to hurt ( or kill ) young girls just to get the audience on the side of a murderous vigilante .	0
"we follow many people around , but mostly we trail preston ( ethan embry , of "" that thing you do ! "" ) , the alienated writer , who's been pining over the homcoming queen , amanda ( the totally overrated jennifer love hewitt ) , for the entirety of high school because he thinks they shared a moment their freshman year over a freaking pop tart ."	0
.	0
"when they do this , they discover what really happened during the five lost hours ."	0
the result is neither scary nor funny ; it's just tedious .	0
"tarzan and the lost city , the latest attempt to bring edgar rice burrough's legendary hero to the big screen , is one of the most inept and ill-timed of any tarzan adventure so far ."	0
"when i heard that george lucas would be making the first trilogy in the nine-film series , i got exited ."	0
"personally , i think that he has more pull with the directors and doesn't retake scenes to make him understandable ."	0
"the woman , at least to me , appeared to be fairly shallow ; i didn't realize how shallow until her final scene with arkin , where she reveals that she has been trying to make arkin jealous by her attentions to morse ."	0
"look no further than patillo's betrayal of broderick ( patillo : what have i done , animal ?"	0
"she dares him to go immediately to a bathroom stall and have sex with her , which turns out to be neither erotic , funny or successful -- rather like the rest of the story ."	0
"then there's koepp , who showed such great ability at making a character's flaws come to life like he did in depalma's earlier "" carlito's way , "" a film that dove right into the life and past of its character and examined him extremely well ."	0
"he becomes a first-rate agent by accidentally stumbling mr . magoo-style onto the proper clues and talking his way in and out of situations , which plays like something out of a sitcom ."	0
"it's obvious phillip is going to accidentally invent flubber , a flying rubber compound that yields tremendous energy , and the promotions make the flubber look realistic and funny ."	0
"meanwhile , sam , convinced that he's being set up , goes to a shyster lawyer ( bill murray ) for help ."	0
bilko follows the string of old-sitcoms-to-movie conversion fever .	0
"yeah , that's what i said ."	0
"although the movie is very thought provoking of us as a people , our future and the evilo in the world , as a story it is very confusing ."	0
the fact that sam and annie will finally meet is so excruciatingly obvious that everything else is perfunctory .	0
"i'd like to actually watch a film in focus , but again , they failed to deliver that as well ."	0
this was used well in the beginning to show the feverish nightmares berenger gets when remembering the moment of the kill .	0
"to cure her motion sickness , her parents tried every remedy , until they went to a spiritualist who prayed to the goddess of the sea for her cure ."	0
this is actor barry watson first full feature film .	0
"it rocks-actually , lots of rocks fly at us or from us , in slow or fast motion , at several points in the film ."	0
a lethal half-alien in heat who dispatches of her sexual partners in grotesque fashion -- now * that's * what i call empowerment .	0
"they argue about whether lucy is a slut or not since she sleeps with everyone , except him , of course ."	0
"hess looks like she actually knows some martial arts , and puts together a much more believable fight scene ."	0
of course you know that stahl triumphed because he lived to talk about his problems .	0
"this is what the characters in this film do , and the film wants to show how they're these great people who are being punished by the world because they're teenagers , and how they try to defend themselves but can't totally overcome them ."	0
"the butcher's clumsy and near-sighted daughter julie ( marie-laure dougnac ) falls in love with the skinny , weird looking clown , and the two make some music together , with her playing the cello and him a saw ."	0
"i suspect that "" the 13th warrior "" had a better script at one time and that it fell through the cracks because of the tag-team direction ."	0
"steven is a skeptic , believing the whole thing to be the result of mass hysteria ."	0
"anyone who's seen this film can back me up on this : this is the worst of the "" great "" disaster films , and that's not really saying a lot for this film ."	0
making it's debut at the dollar theater ?	0
the film's sympathetic feminist implications are presumably the reason it caused such controversy upon its release in taiwan .	0
are these hallucinations ?	0
"all in all , this movie delivers very little in actual substance , offers two-bit dialogue masked in a lot of sci-fi mumbo-jumbo , pretends to be deep when really it's just sappy , and eventually just settles into an ending which , other than presenting us with a pathetic computer graphic as a part of the story , gives us little more to think about than how we might be able to get our money back for sitting through this rehashed dreck ."	0
"almost all the problems with the project can be traced back to co-script writer billy crystal , who shows the same lack of discipline with the screenplay that he typically displays while co-hosting "" comic relief "" charity shows with robin williams and whoopi goldberg ( two other paragons of self-indulgence ) ."	0
"isle of lesbos is an incredibly offensive musical comedy about april pfferpot ( smith ) , a resident of the small town of bumfuck , arkansas who is about to get married to high school sweetheart and football hero dick dickson ( michael dotson ) ."	0
"yes , borg ."	0
"gee , why not member t-shirts ?"	0
"the plot , such as it is , can be summed up rather simply ."	0
conventional wisdom among collectibles retailers is that children's items begin to dramatically escalate in price about twenty-five or thirty years after the item was made .	0
">from writer and director darren stein comes jawbreaker , the poorly told tale of what can happen when an innocent birthday prank goes wrong ."	0
"i know it's a stretch , after all it is a movie and nothing really happened , but i just get annoyed to get toyed with like that ."	0
"set in harlem during the great depression , rival gangster "" families "" go to war over control of "" the numbers "" , an illegal gambling lottery ."	0
"one of the subplots concerns a woman pilot who's great at getting out of tight situations , and does it again and again and again ."	0
he has confused intellectualism with talking slowly .	0
"at the end of the film it becomes clear that cardinal alba ( maximilian schell ) has simply used crow and his team to find valek , so that he would gain eternal life ."	0
"surprised me , was that the camera work ( for the opening sequence anyway ) was terrible ."	0
the adults also don't fare well .	0
"joe bellows at the poachers before him , angry that they would like to kill him and sell him for millions of dollars ."	0
"all of which underscores how billy crystal and co-writer peter tolan screwed up their own premise : the comedy in "" america's sweethearts "" is based on barely-in-control people trying to contain themselves in the presence of reporters , except that it doesn't matter because any publicity is good publicity ."	0
i found that after watching this movie it had many many gaps and flaws in simple logic in the plot .	0
"smith seems to be having a better time as west , although he's not nearly as charming as he was in mib ."	0
"one of the glorious surprises in the screenplay by john gatins ( summer catch ) , adapted from daniel coyle's non-fiction book , is that there aren't any ."	0
"sure , the story is basically just an amalgamation of ransom , primal fear and nick of time pureed into one , but the whole "" psychiatrist working against the clock "" thing , actually had me engaged at first ."	0
"( --- for more first-run , dvd , and books-about-movies reviews , plus contests and the proverbial "" more ! "" ,"	0
"our boys are tapped to fight each other , the winner of which is "" promised "" a shot at a future title fight ."	0
"instead , i'll settle for discussing the movie's worst sin : that sweethearts is painfully contrived and wholly unbelievable , not just in its plot but in its sentiment ."	0
"together , they barely have five minutes of screen time , but i suppose that ricci's hospital room scene might be worth a look for some of you horn-dogs ."	0
"self centered , julian breaks a school classmate's arm without apologizing or even realizing he has done anything wrong ."	0
when connor played a queen track in a juke box .	0
"there are some nice flash back sequences and occasionally impressive pacing , but the overall technical aspect of this film is on the ground floor ."	0
"the plot is uninteresting , boring and bad ."	0
"then the story just runs along until jonnie teaches the rest of the humans the basics of trigonometry , the bill of rights , how to use a machine gun , and how to fly a harrier jet ."	0
""" idle hands "" is distasteful , crass and derivative ."	0
director mikael salomon's staging is so confusing that you may have trouble figuring out what is happening .	0
"jeez , i thought no one fell for those "" you may already be a winner "" things anymore ."	0
obviously that's not the case here .	0
"that's too bad , because it ceases to be amusing about halfway through ."	0
"furthermore , what has become of joel schumacher ?"	0
the stabs at comic books are too obvious to be funny .	0
"keanu reeves stars as shane falco , a has-been football college player looking for redemption ."	0
"the film seems to not only borrow it's plot from last year's similarly-fated "" deep rising , "" but also from a clunkish b-movie from the '80s called "" leviathan , "" an underwater thriller starring peter weller , richard crenna , hector elizando , and daniel stern about a group of miners who stumble upon an alien lifeform that was part "" alien , "" part john carpenter's twisted remake of "" the thing . """	0
murphy has done much better movies ( i . e	0
"craven and company promise that this is the last installment in the "" scream "" series ."	0
"it's as though anything that may have been construed as "" fun "" was purposely expunged from the production ."	0
writer-director john herzfeld's two days in the valley falls into the latter category .	0
"some catholic priests have observed an ancient prophecy , which says that a girl will be born on that night that satan will have targeted for impregnation ."	0
"he responds , "" you're getting one , "" and it's damn clever because he's sitting down at the time ."	0
"what a shock to learn chester and his assistant julie ( jackee ) know absolutely nothing about the game , and the players seem to know even less ."	0
"meanwhile , scientist dr . laura baker ( the returning marg helgenberger ) has created a clone of sil named eve ( natasha henstridge again ) for research purposes ."	0
"there is one scene -- a riot outside the courtroom -- that should have created incredible tension , but winds up playing out like a textbook exercise on how not to deploy a scene like this ."	0
"this is a laughable 1977 rip off of king kong ( 1976 ) , itself a rip-off ."	0
the story is so simple my grandmother could have adapted the screenplay .	0
see it on video if you wanna fall asleep after seeing a much better movie like an officer and a gentleman ( 8 . 5/10 ) .	0
so what about the cast ?	0
never a good sign when a bit player is the best part of the movie .	0
"jenna elfman , who plays veronica mecilli , a scientist who wants in on krippendorf's work , is also very funny and appealing here ."	0
but you have to sit through a snoozer plot that has the organization of a rorschach blot .	0
"she gets involved with perry's character when he comes to chicago hoping to negotiate a finder's fee with mob boss yanni gogolack ( kevin pollack , transposing his vs with his ws ) after willis' jimmy the tulip tudeski moves in next door ."	0
"among the wild adventures arlo and mason partake in is a trip down a tree-covered mountainside in a boat , and a fist fight on top of a moving vehicle ."	0
"all these people acted their parts admirably , as for the part that sharon stone played , she played it well but the part was not utilized enough ."	0
the problem is that he is not sufficiently funny .	0
"his relationship with his dutiful girlfriend , jules ( amy smart ) , is threatened and there's a big game at the end ."	0
it puts ominous chords under some scenes and using voice in ways that become a distraction that gets in the way of the storytelling .	0
he looks like he gained the 43 pounds that dennis quaid lost .	0
"despite some anxiety and caution from others , luke accepts entry into the organization ."	0
"west is teamed up with artemus gordon ( kevin kline ) , and they're pretty much polar oppisites : west prefers to solve his problems with an array of bullets , gordon traditionally favors a more pacifistic approach ."	0
but the biggest problem with mercury rising is the screenplay .	0
"in actuality , he's fleeing from thousands of angry brides who want to marry him and inherit his fortune ( it's one of the few enjoyable sequences in the film ) ."	0
we see him crawling away after a shock .	0
"o'donnell plays jimmie shannon , the manager of a pool table manufacturing company ."	0
the man ?	0
here is a movie misfire so audaciously awful that you can't help but wonder how the actors all kept straight faces while filming .	0
"mimi leder's follow-up to `the peacemaker' is equally incompetent , with all the big stars wasted ."	0
"this , combined with an obviously low production value made we want to turn away from the screen until i heard those kicks start flying ."	0
"the plot , for what its worth , concerns two brothers ( nathan lane and an appalling lee evens ) who inherit a poorly run string factory and a seemingly worthless house from their eccentric father ."	0
kate hudson is a huge klutz .	0
"the film is essentially dwayne's story , but too often rudolph goes on distracting tangents with the eccentric peripheral players that one often wonders what the point is ."	0
olive oil would have filled out this swimsuit better than this girl .	0
"mel brooks as a circumcision-giving rabbi is also offensive to me and others in the audience ( not all jewish , either ) ."	0
it is simply verhoven's bad excuse for making pornography .	0
"there is no plot anywhere , and the "" dialogue "" is unrelentingly shallow , preposterous , and boring ."	0
"this is not to say that special effects filled comedies or muppet movies aren't well-timed laughfests ; with the right director , they can be and have ."	0
"the message seemed to be "" ignore your responsibilities unrepentantly and have fun fucking who you wish . """	0
in many ways it gives you an illusion of having a life without consequences .	0
"an omen of what is to come is provided by the pre-credits sequence , a dull affair featuring a confrontation between a man ( it's difficult to give a better description since no mention of him is made elsewhere in the movie ) and the assassin of the title ."	0
"it's all true/three men on a raft ( u . s . a . , 1942/1986 ) director : orson welles"	0
mind you i think the rest of the cast that had some which had reasonably sized roles did equally well if not better .	0
"on the one hand , actualizing the subtext is a mammoth task ( though not impossible ) , but on the other hand , dafoe's flat acting cannot be excused as an attempt at stoicism ."	0
"while he drew the desired "" aww , they're so cute "" reaction from the audience , it was quickly followed by several people whispering "" i wonder what kind of food they smeared on the dog's heads to get them licking like that ? """	0
are these hallucinations ?	0
see it in the widescreen format if you can .	0
the only--and i mean only--reason to see the 1998 version is for the special effects .	0
"levinson tries second-tier effects , and first-tier actors , but never makes that exchange pay off for the viewer ."	0
"emphasis on the word "" presumably . """	0
"no more needs to be said as to what happens and where the conflict lies , the movie is that predictable ."	0
is it possible to become human ?	0
"in the chaos , the omegahedron sails out through the opening , dooming the argonians to death . . ."	0
"the writer seemed to be attempting to make a smart action movie , but failed to understand that just because there are surprises , it doesn't add too the credibility of a senseless script ."	0
this one belongs in saturday morning cartoons . . .	0
"they simply could have called it "" action movie . """	0
only die-hard fans of jamie lee curtis and david copperfield ( if he truly has any fans ) should even attempt to watch it .	0
"every time chase and quaid were involved in a gag , it just made it more and more apparent that they should have stopped this series after the third film ."	0
"things get more bizarre when we're introduced to his team of rejects named after chocolate bars , including future nypd blue star david caruso as the speechless , card-flipping kit-kat ."	0
in sexy beast even the plot twists have gray beards .	0
"the sequence also suffers from a few plot holes ( as does the rest of the film ) : why is the ship's computer ( which sounds strangely like hal from , uh , "" 2001 "" ) able to detect a hole in the main chamber but not one in the engine ?"	0
"the trend of the moment-- and bear in mind it's a trend not a movie - is spawn , and if you've seen the animated series on hbo you'll recall it embodies the lost life of a disfigured man , an individual who has transpired the ultimate punishment : he's been sent to hell ."	0
"if you thought kathy ireland was laughable in alien from l . a . , you'll change your mind when you see fair game ."	0
"her boyfriend , michael ( jon bon jovi ) , is broke and in a dead end job ."	0
"now , before i continue to ferociously attack what's wrong with this film , i just want to point out that one of the reasons it fails so miserably is because it does have the potential to be an exciting thriller ."	0
i suppose i should mention val kilmer .	0
"- the quintessential line , lemme tell ya ) and some convenient pesudo-pseudo-pseudo-character development ."	0
"as i have mentioned , master p cannot act or write ."	0
"he was just alright , which i didn't find acceptable ."	0
"and that , to me , does not make a funny movie ."	0
a couple of criminals ( mario van peebles and loretta devine ) move into a rich family's house in hopes of conning them out of their jewels .	0
( amen . )	0
"even so , this film is no-where near his cult classics such as videodrome or scanners ."	0
""" now touch my breast , "" west says ."	0
"tommy lee jones returns to his role as chief deputy samuel gerard , the grizzly cop who was after harrison ford in the fugitive ."	0
"simply put , it is far-fetched , poorly crafted , but very entertaining ."	0
but this movie insults us by assuming that we could simply discard our values for 2 hours .	0
"the aliens in "" 2001 "" were more interesting and you didn't even see them !"	0
"after a great opening , in which an american spaceship , plus the city of new york , are completely destroyed by a comet shower , nasa detects the said asteroid and go into a frenzy ."	0
"what an awful note to end on , knowing there could be more of this in a year or two ."	0
sound familiar ?	0
"the guards on the train see this kid running at them , lift their machine guns , shout "" halt ! """	0
that single element of the film was one of the most offensive things i've seen in a movie in a long time .	0
"sometimes , like many american tv movies , it creates drama where drama shouldn't be ."	0
"while the fight scenes are brutal and eye-popping , the rest of the movie looks like standard made for tv fare ."	0
"here's the catch : they must reunite princess katana ( talia soto ) , who's on the good side , with her resurrected mother queen sindel ( musetta vander ) , who's on the bad side , for their love for each other will close the portal and ensure humanity's safety for another generation ."	0
how are these things powered ?	0
"in such times , when political involvement could be associated with noble passion , many filmmakers tried to warn the present generations of dangers that lurk ahead by giving the look of pre-war europe and circumstances that led to phenomena like fascist italy and nazi germany ."	0
"here's a film that could have been a fascinating 2 hour plus film about the tragic people who went there to party , and had to wakeup in the 80s when things like diseases , economy problems , and perhaps worst of all , reagan , all hit and forced everyone into a rude awakening ."	0
"it is equally easy to care for the soul mate she keeps missing contact with , the financially strapped , ruggedly handsome , intelligent 35-year-old alan ( alan ) , who no longer wants to work with his father as a plumber but is doing volunteer work at the aquarium and attending college to be a marine biologist ."	0
"for now , i just hope that for his sake , the film's title isn't a premonition of the movie's ultimate fate at the box-office ."	0
"gluttony is hollywood's favorite sin , but it is the movie-goers who pay the price by being dealt the same things over and over on an ever-worsening basis ."	0
even the actors can not save this film from going under .	0
too bad that anaconda is just about to strangle another member of the expedition .	0
"take , for instance , the first scene , which shows patch sitting on a bus ."	0
"steve van wormer and paul walker , as stew and phil , give lifeless performances ."	0
avika goldsman's screenplay is such a cluttered mess that there is no suspense built from one scene to another .	0
but none of these are all-too suspenseful .	0
peter coyote as a man dying of cancer is refreshing because he seems like a real person .	0
since when is a male character's sudden outing of the closet considered a surprise in hollywood anymore ? ?	0
and nobody wins .	0
"by the time they show you , it doesn't matter ."	0
"byrne's speech about the bible being "" overrated "" actually starts to make sense , mainly because arnold's attempts at refuting it ( mostly of the "" 'tis not ! """	0
"joshua , the protagonist and the narrator of this yarn , is a handsome , sweet , intelligent , friendly , and endearing child , who does well in school , relates to the nuns and priests , and talks politely to his well-meaning parents ."	0
"even stranger , the garbage barges appear to double as time machines ."	0
"although how much money a movie makes does not determine how good it is ( just look at the spectacular "" in dreams , "" which failed to even make the top 10 last week ) , i have a suspicion "" gloria "" is going to vanish from theaters faster than "" ishtar , "" judging from the opening night 7 : 00 p . m . showing i saw it at , where there were about ten to fifteen people present , counting myself ."	0
"veteran pr agent lee ( billy crystal ) is called upon to clean up the mess , throwing a press junket in the nevada desert to woo them with the story of a possible reconciliation between the gwen and eddie , presumably distracting the stupid , stupid film critics into forgetting they haven't seen the movie at all ."	0
"once the transition was made from still art to color animation , an entirely different feel takes precedence ."	0
gene hackman is very good .	0
"in a regular batman film , they'd concentrate on the relationship with the girlfriend a little more , but elle macpherson's julie madison is so limited here that we never get a real sense of who she is ."	0
he next strikes in new york city .	0
we've reached a point where our proxies for cinematic romantic wish fulfillment don't even have a pulse .	0
"both versions of that movie were far more interesting than this flick , but i've got my job to do , so back to the salt mines we go ."	0
"the intrusive musical score distracts from the flat dialogue at regular intervals , but it's not like you're were going to miss much ."	0
"pamela originally doesn't take sides , giving some speech about she's only loyal to the money they pay her , but she changes her mind once the congressional bastards kill her blind brother , jack noseworthy of bon jovi "" always "" video fame ."	0
"the film was all about pimp style and their projected image , as they run a hard-sell riff about the virtues of their work ."	0
"she'll be ( and sleep ) with each of them for 3 days each , then on sunday , she'll rest by herself ."	0
"a few things about the story didn't sit very well with me for example the original scam and cover-up heavily involved the character played by sharon stone , yet in the end her character played a relatively small role and it seems she should have been utilized more to further the story along better ."	0
"in addition to the usual cast of psychopaths and lunatics , there's finnegan ( treat williams ) , the boat's pilot , who's supposed to be an indiana jones knockoff ; joey ( kevin j . o'connor ) , the inept sidekick who's supposed to be lovable and funny ( but is really just irritating ) ; and hanover ( wes studi ) , the "" mastermind "" ( and i use that term lightly ) of the operation ."	0
"the tagline for this movie reads "" the trap is set . """	0
""" i love l . a . "" ?"	0
he turns out to have a colorful father ( paul newman ) but is otherwise perfectly dull and overly obsessed with sailing .	0
george clooney tries in vain to keep from rolling his eyes while reciting the dialogue given him .	0
things do turn more exciting when jack asks harry to drop off a sealed manila envelope for him .	0
"apparently not having joe eszterhas as the writer doesn't change a thing , since body of evidence wasn't written by him , but has a puzzling eszterhas-ish presence all over it ."	0
"certainly , the experience wasn't truly that bad , but , to quote ethan hawke in the latest movie adaptation of said book , "" i'm not going to tell the story the way it happened . . . i'll"	0
and it's not even one of those movies that's so bad it's funny .	0
"the two childhood friends end up in bed together , making us wonder why they'd never become a couple to begin with ."	0
harry is searching among his friends to find one who will go with him .	0
this was as wrong as you can get without going to jail .	0
"every scene with her feels contrived , pulling jakob the liar away from its central story of hope coming to a previously hopeless people ."	0
"he turns around and sees all sorts of other characters from the golf course , with some shrubs growing over them ."	0
"the special effects are nice , especially the plane crash , and there's a good ( if very loud ) soundtrack by veteran composer jerry goldsmith ."	0
"cast : gary sinise , don cheadle , connie nielsen , jerry o'connell , kim delaney , tim robbins , elise neal , jill teed , jody thompson , bill timoney written by : jim thomas , john thomas and graham yost directed by : brian depalma running time : 115 minutes"	0
"i really would have liked it better if , say , they delved more into dr . moreau's obsession , montgomery's purpose in the story and justification to as why the beast-people had to rebel ."	0
chapter headings that divide the movie have no function .	0
the only bad-guy cliche he has to wallow around in is the one about how the bad guy always has exotic women dripping off of him .	0
"there's a non-violent bit with magoo preparing a chicken dinner that could have been funny if it was handled better , but , compared to mr . bean's recent , similar misadventure , it doesn't hold up well ."	0
"leelee sobieski could have been better , but i think she just suffered from a poorly written character ."	0
"in other words , it's a ) really dirty and b ) really , really stupid ."	0
john goodman barely has a character as mighty mack .	0
"the dog on the cart , who momentarily thinks he's in dog heaven ."	0
.	0
"there were real characters there in a real situation , and best of all passion and just the right amount of restraint as not to get off on the fact that it's going to be offensive to many ."	0
"there is no way to tell if parsons or cattrall are servicable actresses ( even though i have the suspicion they are not ) , but one thing is for sure : they are asked to do things in this film that are not at all funny , only humiliating ."	0
lange is so bad here that she might have been fun to watch if the rest of the film wasn't such a prime example of motion picture tedium .	0
caleb deschanel's camera makes everything look a little too beautiful .	0
"on the trip , ahmed manages to learn the vikings' language by listening to their fireside conversations ."	0
agent norman stansfield ( gary oldman ) after matilda's father tried to rip him off .	0
"it boasts extremely glossy cinematography , a couple of recognizable name actors , and a couple of fairly impressive explosions ."	0
"but just as she reaches the halfway mark of her final semester at prestigious university's film program -- where each year's best thesis production takes the coveted hitchcock prize , a virtual one-way ticket to hollywood success -- she has a chance encounter with campus security guard reese ( loretta devine ) , whose tale of a series of murders based on urban legends at another university inspires amy to try her hand at a fictional thriller organized along similar lines ."	0
shue's character is supposed to be a savvy schemer but she comes off as a brainless bimbo .	0
one can only wonder how an utterly absurd script like the one written by william goldman could have ever interested eastwood .	0
anyway . willem dafoe ( very good but completely wasted ) also stars as the lawyer who is doomed to run afoul of madonna's sexuality .	0
"by making explicit , what the television show left implicit , carter reveals the limits of his creativity and skill ."	0
"not once in the movie did segal appear worried or undecided , which did not do much for increasing the unexistent suspense ."	0
the movie takes substantial historical liberties in recreating einstein's youth .	0
"the same "" god , i'm scared , there's some guy in a mask coming after me "" routine she did in john carpenter's classic , jamie lee copies here , with none of the urgency or suspense ."	0
"those movies tried to exploit the emerging wave of political correctness , coinciding with the 500th anniversary of columbus' discovery of america ."	0
"so that we can all point to them and say "" hey , look it's ( fill in the blank ) !"	0
heck depending on your humor you might end up laughing through the whole flick .	0
if what you were looking for was the tale of a heroic man's escadapes and adventures you were looking in the wrong place .	0
"the guy is on death row for the murder of a white girl , and says that his confession was coerced from the region's tough , black cop ( lawrence fishburne ) ."	0
gee . . . . . . even	0
"several differences : one , "" like water "" didn't have a telekinetic crab , and two , "" like water "" was a good film ."	0
"incidentally , if you appreciated along came a spider , you will likely enjoy this film as well ."	0
it is a film more to be endured than enjoyed .	0
everyone else comes across as half-asleep .	0
"perhaps "" hush "" 's title is a plea to silence its audience's likely bitter word of mouth while exiting the theater ."	0
"i know he didn't intend to , but de bont has done one thing right : he's created the hands-down funniest film of the year ."	0
"i don't know what any of this has to do with martial arts , but there are lots of martial arts in the film ."	0
"right before he jumps , meg ryan pleads him not to ."	0
the u . s . army utilizes a number of books known as field manuals which stipulate the specific way in which almost every action imaginable must be done .	0
"fetch me the axe ! ! """	0
"in light of the impending sequel , which apparently plays fast and loose with the ending of this movie , i will not talk about the ending -- except to say that they found a remarkably good ending for such a drab movie ."	0
"the plot is jumbled and illogical , not to mention excruciatingly sluggish ."	0
"in addition , the pace of the film seems uneven ."	0
"they evince little chemistry , with rock constantly in over the top rant mode , acting more like an angry comic than any thing resembling a hit man ( an occupation that's represented far too frequently in movies nowadays ) ."	0
"my son jeffrey , age 8 , said he thought the movie was good and really funny , but recommends you not choose it if you want an action movie ."	0
"when considering david fincher's latest film , "" the game "" , four words come to mind ."	0
every f * * k scene in this film ( and there are many ) is treated in the same unsexy manner .	0
duchovny has stunningly little in the way of material to work with .	0
"diedre easily cons david's not-so-bright new wife molly into believing she's a child psychologist so that she can influence molly and david's quick-tempered son , michael ."	0
"action scenes are sometimes interesting , but not too spectacular ( at the end , scenery of wonderland is more fascinating than the action itself ) ; humour , on the other hand , falls flat ."	0
in order to keep liz from making any noise courtney stuffs a jawbreaker into her mouth before they gag her .	0
it's crude and stereotypical .	0
"since these two rich kids are so bored , they only thing they can do is challenge each other with meaningless sexual liaisons ."	0
"not when we find out about his salinger collection , not when he goes to the bookstore , not later on when we get the answer to our first question ."	0
sandler plays a thirty-something loser who gets attached to an orphaned young boy ( played by cole and dylan sprouse ) .	0
"pre home and away elmaloglou is pretty good as the inquisitive jojo , but her character seems extraneous to the story , well , at least until the final scenes ."	0
"when the brain bug sucks out a character's brain near the end of the film , it's merely an analogy for what the film has done to us ."	0
"well when it comes to this movie being as horrible as it is , williams can't take all the blame , but he sure can't justify himself with his own simple tag line either ."	0
"everyone's here : the jock , the homecoming queen , the nerd ( and his dominions of trekkies and x-philes ) , the alienated wannabe writer , the school spirit girl , the pothead ( s ) , the wigger , etc , etc , etc , and weirdly enough this film shows them as superficial , lame , and basically as a bunch of losers ."	0
"of course , the ancient folks who divided the triangle buried the halves in tombs on opposite sides of the world ."	0
one where the dinos lived untouched by mankind and the other a tourist attraction which failed before it even opened .	0
"adam sandler vehicles are never anything special , but continue to make a load of money ."	0
the truly awful lines written for them help this humor along .	0
"because of that , the love letter is awkward and insincere ."	0
watching really fake-looking magma plow down the street is not .	0
"kissing a fool , on the other hand , has nothing to recommend it ."	0
"but in my audience , there were no females present to make goo-goo eyes at prinze or lillard , and many a member exited after the much-ballyhooed sneak peek ."	0
no joy or entertainment value can be derived from any of the events of the film .	0
all dramatic tension between both principals is freeze-dried and off-the-rack .	0
apes spring incredible distances .	0
"take , for instance , the scene in which krippendorf gets veronica drunk so he can tape them having sex ."	0
"though i must admit , urban legend does have a winning premise for what could have been a somewhat entertaining exploitation film ."	0
"his customary one part satire , two parts ultra-violence formula is way out of whack , and most of the film just flounders ."	0
"she lives in fear of ben willis , the vengeful fisherman-victim of a hit and run by julie and her pals ."	0
his character is reminiscent of his villainous characterizations in broken arrow and face/off .	0
""" you damn dirty apes ! """	0
"the new thx approved audio is loud and clear in all the right places , however you'll be hearing absurd dialogue and a mediocre jerry goldsmith score ( which is completely unrelated to john williams' classic superman theme and sounds better suited for a cannon films' golan-globus production ) ."	0
so much for the first attempt to catch her .	0
and it goes downhill from there !	0
"in fact , it was everything that 8mm is not ."	0
neve campbell gets to model the slutty look .	0
"when a group of students fix up an old house to use as a clinic in the andy hardy "" hey , let's put on a play !"	0
"the guy's brother and his brother's wife appear at the door soon after , and decide to move in ."	0
"the "" eaters of the dead "" are a faceless mob in blackface ."	0
""" hardcore "" is a much more subtle and meaningful film ."	0
"and of course , all three gals are babes ."	0
"nick casually asks for terry's wristwatch , and eventually cons terry into a trade - the watch for a bottle of pills ."	0
"but if this form of humor floats your boat then you will truly enjoy this movie , even if you don't like slapstick style humor you will end up laughing because something's are just so stupid ."	0
"by the time the big breakout so prominently featured in the trailer actually takes place , the film is well into its home stretch ."	0
"hollow man's protagonists are the completely bland but beautiful scientist linda ( elizabeth shue , acting as if she were rebecca of sunnybrook farm ) and her lover , a hunk of beef scientist played by josh brolin who's saddled with the film's worst lines ( "" i've lost cohesion again ! "" ) ."	0
it is nice to see blythe danner again on the screen .	0
there aren't enough great directors and actors to create the number of films necessary .	0
"as a social reject , he falls in with some pretentious dope-smoking philosophers , gavin ( nick stahl ) and rachel ( katie holmes ) ."	0
"there are also some other good scenes in "" metro "" that a lot of films would rather choose not to have ."	0
"except for the choreographed action sequences , the film was dull for three-quarters of its time , filled with too many dead spots in its story to garner concern about its wooden characters or the superficial romance that developed ."	0
this is certainly missable .	0
a good screenwriter and a good director can make you hypnotically watch even disgusting subject matter .	0
what ensues is a badly scripted and horribly directed 114 minutes of cinema hell .	0
"all of these disappointing ingredients create a film that , for much of its running time , is simply mediocre ."	0
quite frankly it's insulting .	0
lest i forget the scummy club owner .	0
"the men spend most of the time sitting around , while the sole purpose of a female slave seems to be free sex for the owner ."	0
stuff . . .	0
"this would be okay if there were any suspense or if it didn't take itself seriously at all , like in the case of this summer's "" con air . """	0
"over black and white drawings , we are told that the earth is destroyed in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange , sending the remnants of humanity through generations of radiation-induced mutation ."	0
although amusing this is not original what so ever and brings back haunting memories of home alone .	0
lines like :	0
"season now with the "" original "" elements , which , as we will find out , are straight from the screenwriting-is-hell bin ."	0
.	0
"the movie is billed as a comedy , but is surprisingly bereft of humor ."	0
"go ! """	0
"in fact , the only scenes that do work are action scenes , which i suspect stallone was trying to avoid ."	0
"the target audience , aged between 7-13 , who are undemanding , will probably like it however , thanks to it's dumbed down humour ."	0
"however , film does deal with potentially thought-provoking social and political issues , so hour and half spent in front of the screen shouldn't be the total waste of time ."	0
there ya go .	0
"this film is just chock full of pieces taken from assault on precinct 13 , the thing , and prince of darkness ."	0
"however , the only complexity to these two characters is that they seem to want to be more than friends , and that is reiterated when they attempt sexual intercourse in a bathroom stall on more than one occasion during this strange evening ."	0
"bilko ( frankly , i have not seen any its original tv version ) , even with the charm and wild antics of funnymen steve martin and dan akroyd ; failed to entertain ."	0
"granted , the cast is hampered by their material ."	0
"judy greer is undeniably awful as her one dimensional , annoying character , as she overacts every line she has ."	0
"they chase a kid down the tunnel and into the station where the "" money train "" , the heavily armored car that picks up all the cash from the token books , is parked ."	0
the movie tells us that the setting is the year 2056 .	0
the worst thing about it is that it didn't have to be bad .	0
"they don't do so well either , but eventually meet up the lone surviving astronaut-gone-rasta and solve the mysteries of the universe ."	0
easy as pie .	0
"switch to the present day , gillian , who is the stronger , more rebellious sibling , leaves home , and meets up with a dark , abusive guy ( goran visjnic ) , while sally stays in their hometown , meets and falls in love with a sweet , caring man , has two children , and then is devastated when her husband is hit by a truck and killed ( come to think of it , she's not too devastated since she gets over it in about two minutes ) ."	0
"independence day may have been dumb , but it was full of "" adrenaline moments "" capable of getting the audience involved in the action ."	0
"however , if gal says "" no "" don will do whatever it takes to turn it into a yes including threatening guy's ex-porn- star wife deedee ( amanda redman ) ."	0
"unfortunately , even chan's mastery can't save this film ."	0
"the only catch is that they have to survive the night at the establishment , an establishment haunted by its former staff and patients ."	0
"when a movie is called _vampires_ , "" not scary "" aren't words that should be associated with it ."	0
guile ( jean claude van-damme ) takes his troops to attack bison's main base in an attempt to liberate the innocent villages he has taken over .	0
"one moment of the first sort : when we first meet max he's reading truman capote's "" in cold blood "" underneath the cover of a porn novel ."	0
"and these guys don't just trash hotel rooms - they rape them , humiliate them and leave them for dead ."	0
"not that there isn't a lot of nastiness on display--there is , but of a different sort ."	0
"and if that wasn't enough , you can also hear the script grunting under the effort it must take to try and make every single line of dialogue sound like something deep and meaningful like in a tarantino movie ."	0
"it's obviously got this big secret to hide , but it seems to want to hide it completely until its final five minutes ."	0
"it's bad , but it succeeds in every way it intended ."	0
"tv shows should do just that stay on tv , it will probably save some producers from getting ulcers ."	0
"but by showing how the boy is so terrified of his strict father that he wets his pants in his presence , refuses to speak because of his stern dad , and eventually becomes the victim of a tragic accident , the film thereby exploits the boy's sufferings and his story just becomes tiresome and not sincerely done ."	0
and the magnificent score by toto and brian eno is one of the most underrated soundtracks of the last twenty years .	0
"as for schwarzenegger , he'll be back ."	0
who needs the rules !	0
"i can't imagine trying to watch it on video ( horror films seem 10 times better in a theater because they rely heavily on audience participation ) and wouldn't recommend it to people , unless they're horror film fanatics or huge fans of hewitt and brandy ."	0
and those expecting a hearty laugh or two will find it difficult even to smirk during all of the headache-inducing hi-jinks .	0
the one potentially interesting character ( carrie-anne moss ) spends her time alone in the orbiting ship talking to a computer .	0
"so if his father is the pillsbury dough boy , his mother must be sissy spacek's carrie character ."	0
"the women move on , but an irs agent ( bancroft ) catches up with them and demands a huge amount of money to cover unpaid taxes ."	0
"of course , what else should one expect in a film that does virtually nothing right ?"	0
"yes , that alone could have been , but this is just the beginning ."	0
back to the store .	0
of course i knew this going in .	0
she proceeded to set the place on fire .	0
he knows the head bad guy has her on the tenth floor of a building and that he might be running into a room full of people with itchy trigger fingers .	0
or is it just for mental patients ?	0
#NAME?	0
"but , even in the film's darkest moments , fate conveniently lends a hand , supplying heavily armored transportation and easily accessible rifles and dynamite ."	0
"an even worse offender is clarence williams iii as the general's aide , colonel fowler ."	0
and i don't mean illogical in the summer popcorn movie sense .	0
i read on a website somewhere that another sequel is already in the works .	0
the jokes that do work are milked over and over until their effectiveness runs dry .	0
"freeman , one of the best cinematic thespians working today , looks suitably embarrassed to be here , but i suppose everyone needs a good paycheck from time-to-time ."	0
"the most bizarre thing is the fact that not even kitty , nominal madame of the brothel , didn't know the real purpose of that enterprise ."	0
probably the best scenes in the film occur during the end credits .	0
rob schneider is also funny as a crazy delivery man .	0
call jack nicholson and michelle pfieffer and beg them to reprise their roles as the joker and catwoman .	0
"with her adorable disposition , radiant smile , and playful innocence , she could be a meg ryan in the making ."	0
"the implausible plot has max asking his best friend , jay ( jason lee ) , to hit on sam as a test ."	0
""" the rage "" retains some of the trappings of "" carrie "" without the meaning ."	0
i only missed the bit about the badges .	0
"i _really_ loathe it when it+s story is no longer run by logic , but by special effects ."	0
"a fun way to pass the time is to take bets on exactly who will die , although it becomes pretty clear by the second reel ."	0
and she does have a great chop !	0
is this a film about a man trying to find redemption by catching a nasty killer ?	0
"jb : scott bakula , the guy from quantum leap , plays career minor league pitcher gus cantrell ."	0
the camera zooms in incredibly close .	0
how many more movies do we need about a rough neighborhood full of lifelong friends hopelessly turned to crime or worse ?	0
"others will simply stare , mouth agape , at its sheer unapologetic laziness ."	0
"though good-looking , its lavish sets , fancy costumes and luscious cinematography can do little to compensate for the emotional wasteland that is peter krikes and steve meerson's script ."	0
"maybe that is the secret of why such good actors took parts , since these are not very demanding characters to create ."	0
""" simply irresistible "" is not hard to understand , light , funny in some places , and generally disappointing because it can't draw the line between romance and protracted sap , between humor and tired slapstick ."	0
i cried during _babe_ .	0
"just as matthew broderick began to convince me that there is hope for him as an actor yet , his career takes a nosedive to hell with his "" role "" as john brown , a depressed security guard with a big heart who hopes that one day he can become a real policemen and help the people around him ."	0
dune certainly confused and frustrated a lot of people on its release .	0
"a glimmer of his true nature peeks out during an early sex scene with his wife as he goes about his business , oblivious to jasmine's concerns ."	0
"that movie worked because it took an unconventional story , unique characters and well written plot and dialogue to create a truly scary movie ."	0
"well , that has never actually happened to me and i hope that none of us will ever experience this situation ."	0
"but if you really don't mind a rehashed gobbledygook of various satanic and "" kid "" -based thrillers , and enjoy watching films that don't bring anything new to the table . . . well ,"	0
"8mm is far from an success , a 'snuffed' opportunity ."	0
"in that case , the premise was implanting someone else's memories as a way to enhance one's own life through a dream vacation ."	0
"ok , maybe that was a confusing analogy , so here's my main complaint about the latest man battles nature flick : there isn't really much of a story to tell ."	0
"maybe the film would have been better if , instead of playing the relationship through flashbacks , it were set entirely during joshua's last year with his grandpa ."	0
"earth's entire existance is contingent upon a successful mission , but nobody , whether it be john's family or hired battle pilot don west ( matt leblanc ) , seems too enthusiastic about leaving their home planet for several years ."	0
"with alarming synchronicity our hormonally-advantaged girls zealously gesture and point accusing fingers at innocents , constant reminders that abigail's passion sets all this into inexorable motion ."	0
"i have never read this book , but i sure hope it's 10 , 000 times better than its film adaptation ."	0
"i paid $3 for this film , from the discount rack at best buy , and halfway suspect i overpaid for it ."	0
"you don't have to be as wise as an owl to realize that "" the animal "" is tame ."	0
"another example is that one moment we see talon fighting for his life , another moment we see him just about to be crucified during alana's wedding to cromwell ( ! ) , and finally at the end , instead of settling down with alana , he just tells her to "" wait "" , and then he just rides off !"	0
that's it .	0
the central concept behind mercury rising is ludicrous .	0
"and how , you may ask ?"	0
"the worst of the lot is a tough-talking younger player ( dewayne warren ) whose sole purpose , as the movie unfolds , is being an emotional pawn , a tactic so utterly despicable i can't find the right words to express myself ."	0
"but once again , his character was given some pretty bad dialogue , and didn't react too logically to many of the situations ."	0
"finally , a few specific details deserve criticism ."	0
""" mchale's navy "" 's granddaddy ."	0
"the main problem with "" deep rising "" is its overt familiarity ; the movie makes absolutely no attempt to differentiate itself from most sci-fi/horror films in recent memory ."	0
"when , even in the beginning , the director can't get the small parts right , you can sense the movie is in trouble ."	0
"there are just too many things going on that prove distracting , whether it's the sketchy romanctic angle involving liev schreiber as an earnest former prizefighter , or williams' incongrous presence , or a sweet but utterly irrelevant little girl ."	0
there's some genuine talent involved here .	0
"trouble is , he's chosen a lurid , often jokey tone for the balance of the picture -- including some blithe cgi bloodshed in the battle scenes -- and it's impossible to shake the feeling that this particular vision of the middle ages is , to a great extent , nothing more than a put-on ."	0
"i worry for bullock's career , which has been running on auto-pilot for the last few years ."	0
"the two very important characters , montgomery and dr . moreau himself receive no development at all and it is in this area that the script fails miserably ."	0
"while "" the odd couple ii "" is amiable enough , neil simon's shockingly lazy screenplay feels like a slapped-together tv reunion show , suffering from wheezing situation comedy set-ups and jokes straight out of the borscht-belt ."	0
"the hero rises from the ashes of failure , the team comes together in unity , the hero falls in love with a conventional love interest , the football games are won with enough schlock value to make the most ignorant of audiences cheer and clap , and the cheerleaders make you want to go home and watch late night movies on cinemax ."	0
"by really cheap surrealism , and moronic exchanges like this ."	0
the poker buddies are just as desperate to find a mate for grace and greet bob enthusiastically when they hear the news .	0
i watch it at home and laugh .	0
"lopez , who starred in "" selena , "" is an enormously appealing performer , possessing a vibrancy that makes even the most trite lines seem credible ."	0
there are so many tired plot additions .	0
and they talk .	0
the most rediculous scene is during mr . freeze's imprisonment .	0
"miller should be extremely thankful for the film trainspotting , because if it were not for that , who knows where his career would be now after hackers ."	0
the story opens with a rock star being murdered while in the throes of orgasm .	0
justin lazard as the doomed astronaut does nothing to enhance his hollywood credentials .	0
fine .	0
"the ending , with its sick twists , manages to be even worse than the rest of the movie ."	0
"o a ships' navigator who speaks in a scottish accent and actually gets to say "" i canna override it ! """	0
"it's compulsive viewing in a tacky sort of way , leading to a ridiculous climax where modine seizes control of his destiny ."	0
"the only problem is , arnold has to win , so in the end , nobody really cares ."	0
this opening sequence is very boring and slow .	0
the plot of the movie moves along at a decent pace for about half of the movie or there abouts .	0
"this was after the film's production company , cinergi pictures , preferred the cut made by producer/writer joe eszterhas to his ."	0
this leads to countless chase and/or fight scenes which look like they could have been lifted from rumble in the bronx or nearly any other jackie chan movie .	0
kristopherson asks seagal how much it will take for him to go away .	0
"no one believes him , including his friends and lawyer ."	0
that's right .	0
"i will admit that the cinematographers and costume designers and set artists and cgi graphics geeks all worked hard to create a stunning , nightmarish future world where it's always a late night in 1948 , complete with rotary phones and automats and fedoras ."	0
i rest my case . )	0
"at times , godzilla seems to be headed toward a zucker , abrahams , zucker film ."	0
"every 30 minutes or so , a producer , director , writer or actor is brought into the room for a few minutes of questions , with a publicist hovering in the corner to keep an eye on things ."	0
for the first time .	0
"there's really very little , if anything , to recommend in the film ."	0
"dull "" and "" stupid ."	0
"she sells her soul to make it big , but in the end we're supposed to believe that she's a better person than that ."	0
"don cheadle stole the disappointing "" devil in a blue dress "" from denzel's feet ."	0
"murphy , the one asset you'd think this movie has ( remember how they brought him in at the last minute to save best defense ?"	0
"after this many reviews , why would anyone want to read this ?"	0
"the characters are even less original , ranging from underachieving slob john candy to incompetent captain john larroquette ."	0
"the first 30 minutes , which have almost nothing to do with the main story line , feature chris isaak and kiefer sutherland as fbi agents investigating a murder in portland , oregon ."	0
why shouldn't i have know what i was getting myself into .	0
the teenage romance .	0
"now , i shall move onto something a little better about the movie ( for all you cynics out there the movie did have a few good things about it ) ."	0
the relationships between the main characters are tenuous and their motivations are meaningless except as excuse to set-up the next death .	0
"in any case , i didn't find "" supernova "" as bad as the advance buzz would have me believe ."	0
he persuades his old friend hodges to represent him in the courtroom drama that occupies the second half of the film .	0
"they came in expecting some kind of supernatural comedy , on the level of ghostbusters , and were a bit confused to be getting a folk tale with philosophical overtones ."	0
"duchovny and driver seem unable to generate any sparks , and i kept wishing for a fast-forward button to move their scenes along ."	0
"neither actor has any good words to work with , and the lines simply aren't funny , nor believable ."	0
a film needs a plot .	0
"say , tell me if you've seen this before : a crisis on-board a commercial airliner causes a stewardess to have to fly and land the plane herself ."	0
"the love story has been played up in the ads , perhaps hoping to catch people before they recover from titanic-fever ."	0
where does the film go wrong ?	0
"in a role so diametrically opposed to what the actor has played before we should have seen it coming , fichtner isn't perfect--you can see him struggling a little at times , concentrating a little too hard on the look as he swishes his hand through the air , or nuzzles a coiffed canine up close and personal--but he's pretty damned good , and silly , and without question the best thing in the film ."	0
"however , the raucous and often raunchy comedy is wrapped in a blanket of bogus sincerity ."	0
or at least the lack of inspiration .	0
"he's played by peter fonda , in his first major role since the terrific ulee's gold in 1997 ."	0
okay ?	0
just do it !	0
"he's an even-tempered , funny , robust old man who actually listens to the kids' problems ( as opposed to their parents and friends , both caught up in the high-wire act of their own confused lives . )"	0
"sadie thompson ( u . s . a . , 1928 ) director : raoul walsh screenwriter : raoul walsh , from the john colton play "" rain "" , based on w . somerset maugham's story "" miss thompson "" cast : gloria swanson , raoul walsh , lionel barrymore silent"	0
directed by bill duke	0
"truthfully , with his bad haircut ( seemingly modeled after weird al yankovic , little richard , and giant poodles ) and his unenthusiastic demeanor , we'd probably throw tomatoes at him just for fun ."	0
what a great idea !	0
the movie starts out oh-so-promising .	0
"six years later , karen is out on parole and looking to stay straight ."	0
"when an emergency mini-sub is explained , you know what's going to happen ."	0
"yes , he even outdoes his own work in raw ."	0
his face doesn't always wear the same impassive expression .	0
"watching her delivering lines was the funniest part of this flick- but it wasn't supposed to be ) and michael douglas' cool "" regular guy "" part , there would be little reason to remain seated until the end of this picture ."	0
"david spade ( who also co-wrote the movie ) tries hard , so very hard , to make this project amusing ."	0
dabney coleman's comedic talents are utterly wasted as chief quimby .	0
"i know i can't really judge it as a flaw of the film , but come on ."	0
"on tv , film clips advertise these movies as family-friendly hit comedies ."	0
"if you're looking for entertainment , you won't find it at the roxbury ."	0
little known facts about this film and its stars : goofy actor owen wilson co-scripted indie favorites rushmore ( 8/10 ) and bottle rocket with director wes anderson .	0
"i'm sorry folks but this is completely unnecessary , ridiculous , and hurts the story more ( if that is still possible ) ."	0
entrapment should not have been boring .	0
"there is the aforementioned ginger spice , as well as sporty spice ( melanie chisholm , or mel c . ) , scary spice ( melanie brown , or mel b . ) , baby spice ( emma bunton ) , and posh spice ( victoria addams ) , and all of them , to some degree or another , resemble their stage names ."	0
"it's understandable to see willis and aiello in a movie of this caliber , but as for the presence of future academy award winner james coburn i'm not entirely sure ."	0
"claire wrights light comedy , while noel is a scholarly authority on porn and sexual behavior ."	0
"exploit mariah carey , who chooses to wear as little as the law will allow ?"	0
would jake's talent be inherited from ridley or tony ?	0
"back home , bill and alice smoke a little pot before alice's aggressive jealousy kicks in ."	0
my groans of disgust could be heard for miles .	0
"ugh , whatever the case , it was just about the time that douglas' character suddenly removed murphy's character from the mental home ( and how come she went with him so nicely ?"	0
"six hundred of them occupy the briar patch , the area affected by metaphasic radition , a positive energy that reverses the aging process in the elderly ."	0
"the team's somewhat mentally disturbed coach ( henry winkler ) realizes that his waterboy has a great deal of pent-up rage , which , if harnessed properly , would make him a force to be reckoned with on the football field ."	0
"neither can you blame them for depalma cranking up the juice on the film's musical score during the last fifteen minutes , presumably in order to wake the audience up ( okay , we get it brian , this scene is supposed to be powerful . . . wow . . . yawn . . . my"	0
be forewarned .	0
"barrymore comes off best in the physical comedy aspects of the script in which she tries to walk , talk and act like a cool , hip high schooler ."	0
"she is supposed to be mean , but glenn close gave the character some depth in dangerous liaisons ."	0
there is also absolutely no arc to this story .	0
perhaps the question is this : what drew these and other immensely talented actors to such a dreary project ?	0
this is a big bore of over-produced action sequences and shallow characters .	0
"they have released two separate editions of the film on dvd , to the delight of many people ( including myself . . ."	0
"maybe he felt it would be interesting playing the devil , and you can tell he is having fun doing so , but his skill as an actor cannot save the poor performances and lackluster script that surround him ."	0
""" idle hands "" is gruesome and morbid ."	0
"yeah , right ."	0
"but then , there are always 16-year-olds who have that frame of mind ."	0
leading off this inning is john warren .	0
randy newman has written a playful score .	0
but wait !	0
i did like glenne headley's schmoozy chimpanzee .	0
the spiritual one who keeps bringing up our unrighteous past is the same one who wants to keep us in a state of condemnation .	0
"and , boy , does godzilla suck ."	0
"hilarious sequence , nasa asks harry to inspect a deep-core driller they built based on his blueprints ; it is poorly constructed-harry criticizes almost every aspect of it ."	0
"while i hope that's true , i don't hold out much hope-horror movie series are even harder to kill than their monsters ."	0
proceed with extreme caution .	0
"the real standout though , is kathy bates ."	0
"there are homage thrown in by dykstra and his team to gene warren and his work on "" the time machine "" ( the growing plant scene ) but these scenes are so wroth with glaring color and art that they are almost obscured ."	0
claudia ( lauren holly ) is a small town waitress who is feeling stifled by her life .	0
there are hints of promise in this one .	0
"it is perceptible that director mark dippe , attempted to touch the psychological chord that tim burton's batman did touch , the desperation of a man whose life has all but evaporated in one spontaneous act ."	0
"the cast is impressive : clooney is a surprisingly good wayne/batman , o'donnell is a crafty robin as usual , they could've casted somebody better as batgirl ( my friend likes neve campbell ) , but silverstone is not bad , and thurman is a good poison ivy ."	0
"o'donnell could be running from his angry fans , who have just endured `the bachelor' , and are hunting him down for revenge ."	0
"i'll pretend to ignore the mannered posturing and health class 101 "" this is a no-no "" dialogue when older teenage boy coaxes younger teenage girl to let him fuck her up the ass , speaking variations on "" it won't hurt ! """	0
"in the process , he knocks over a few buildings and steps on countless cabs , but he never has trouble with traffic jams ."	0
"( i'd put in his name , but my wife won't let me take notes during a movie and i've forgotten it . )"	0
"trust me , it'll be time much , much better spent ."	0
"he's about to be replaced by a new breed of soldiers , ones who , instead of being trained * from * birth , are genetically selected * before * birth ."	0
"the cartoon figure mr . magoo , the bumbling blind man , can be quite funny , but only in small doses and only within the confines of animated images ."	0
- stock footage frequently used .	0
why canadian ?	0
if only some of that same detailed attention had been diverted to the remaining parts of the film .	0
"don't go see it , don't rent it , and don't buy it ."	0
"so i have to tell the truth : every once in a while i get a nasty , masochistic urge to see a bad movie ."	0
who do we root for in this mess ?	0
"he has several adventures with his daredevil best friend dave ( timothy reifsnyder ) , he gets his first crush , and begins to wake up to the world around him while he is on his spiritual journey ."	0
i'll be the first to admit it .	0
( notice the frequent use of the word stereotypical .	0
one of the things that made fright night such a success was chris sarandon who played charlie's stylish next door neighbor with a taste for blood .	0
"my response would be that anyone who has seen alan arkin in wait until dark , henry fonda in once upon a time in the west , or anthony hopkins in the silence of the lambs should have guessed it ."	0
"she is convincingly evil and fun to watch , but even her gifted delivery can't save individual scenes that flounder in boredom ."	0
"we spent all of this money making big special effects , and we've gotta get this movie out by summer or it's going to bomb in our faces ."	0
wow .	0
the clan of the cave bear clearly tries to capitalize on hannah as a selling point : the poster art bears a striking closeup of hannah in tribal paint and the video box prominently features her name in lettering the same size as the title .	0
capsule : john the baptist is sent from heaven to see is the world is worth saving .	0
"but somewhere between principal photography and the final cut , shane was defanged and quite literally straightened out ; consequently , so was the film ."	0
"one final flaw , though , is letting brandi fall for darnell to begin with ."	0
"but the true star , and the only saving grace , of the film is the music ."	0
and up go the lights .	0
"speaking of weird-looking dorks who still persist on the entertainment scene , one of terror train's most famous gimmicks is the appearance of david copperfield "" as the magician , "" who regails those aboard with illusions set to disco music ."	0
"overblown remake of the 1963 robert wise film of the same name ( based on shirley jackson's novel "" the haunting of hill house "" ) stars lili taylor as one of three "" lab rats "" that participate in a supposed "" insomnia "" study being initiated by liam neeson ."	0
"deep impact begins in an unnamed year ( the year varies ; advanced technology sets it in the future , but fire in the sky is showing on a local movie theater , pushing it back to 1993 ) ."	0
the psychlos reminded me of a cross between jamaican basketball players with bad teeth and bloated hands and klingon extras working the star trek convention circuit .	0
money talks is a paint-by-numbers movie that lacks any real involvment with the audience .	0
but why ? ? ? ?	0
"comments : stalked is yet another in a seemingly endless string of spurned-psychos-getting-their-revenge type movies which are a stable category in the 1990s film industry , both theatrical and direct-to-video ."	0
"quite the contrary , every person in the movie deserved to die a gory death ( although some of them did , anyway , just to spice up the dull proceedings ) ."	0
"it's not an inherently uninteresting way to present a movie ( despite the valid complaint that it is pretentious , all-but-screaming , "" look !"	0
"to which the private replies , "" sir , only nine-year-old girls laugh , sir ! """	0
"the real sad thing is that there are a lot of movies out that i would rather have seen ; once again , dragged in by my friends , which by the way , liked the movie halfheartedly ."	0
added to the sound problems was the cinematography .	0
"here i feel that i have to compliment the costume designers trysha bakker and marie-sylvie deveu , that have wisely replaced the well known scream-mask with a very elegant fencing mask ."	0
"sadly , most of their lines are pretty dumb ."	0
"i have seen interviews with the director in which he suggested that there is no "" monster , "" that all of the evil was perpetrated only by the human mind ."	0
"but the epitome of how moralistically mushy this film gets happens when the person responsible for the toxic dumping , kristopherson , meets up with seagal ."	0
"after an amusing early scene that has porter overhearing three bouts of lovemaking while in search of a nocturnal snack , the six supporting players are dropped except for an out-of-nowhere appearance by the formerly forgotten son ."	0
"but as i rewatched "" independence day "" when it came out on video after being the number one hit of 1996 , i kinda felt like it wasn't as cool as when i had first seen it ."	0
he really doesn't realize that anne thinks he wants to marry her ( what he wants i never did catch ) .	0
kind of enjoyable .	0
"ricci , whose character is shockingly silent and blank , showing only the occasional smile or hint of concern , shares most of her scenes with the astounding cate blanchett : quite an amusing sight to behold ."	0
"and that family of his , they're too good for words ."	0
"actually , i think "" mandingo "" is a strange combination of the two , although it fails on both fronts ."	0
the movie then cuts to a title that informs us that what we are about to see occurred one year previously .	0
who would want to ? )	0
"but if it's an accurate picture of life on america's mean streets , than cinematic depictions of organised crime have had a much stronger basis in reality than i would have previously thought ."	0
"three women ( cher , susan sarandon , and michelle pfieffer ) live in eastwick , a small midwestern town ."	0
jay and silent bob ( played by jason mewes and kevin smith ) are chased away from the front of the convenience store where they were dealing drugs in clerks .	0
"the scenes between roper and his girlfriend are nice , too ."	0
that is the level of this's atrocity's humor .	0
"unfortunately , `ready to rumble' is not being helmed by the farrelly brothers , nor is it bolstered by a script that accommodates the viewer with anything even remotely clever or inspired ."	0
- gorilla actor has no idea how gorillas move and suit is terrible .	0
"as they arrive in their wetsuits in yellowstone , they've got their surfboards , skateboards , and a hawaiian drink machine the size of an armoire ."	0
"lets hope the next movie by alex "" i wish i was tim burton "" proyas is at least tolerable ."	0
he'd be a good screenwriter .	0
"in this latest horror flick mimic case , it's 'never work with children and genetically enhanced killer animals' instead , as mimic features both of these and succeeds in doing nothing except mildly engaging the audience ."	0
"after the huge success of "" the exorcist "" in 1973 a sequel was inevitable , and sadly like most horror fims that make money , the filmmakers decided to make a ridiculous sequel , that makes absolutely no sense at all , and to me was extremely pointless , wasting linda blair and max von sydow completely ."	0
"some of the attack sequences are straight out of "" jaws "" and "" alien . """	0
"the bulk of the movie is taken up with dumb jokes of several basic rubrics : james bond gags ( of which this movie has no end , right down to the silly character names ) , inept slapstick , toilet humor , and strategically placed props . . ."	0
when we see the actual crime we have no idea why gal was so important to its success .	0
these visuals work nicely .	0
"chloe sevigny gives a terrible performance , trying to be a sexy 17-year old , but she just leaves a bad taste in your mouth ."	0
young director gary fleder scored a hit a few years back with his quirky pulp fiction-esque things to do in denver when your dead .	0
"after all , it's not really the fact that this film features the aforementioned disgusting moments , but that it actually believes in them as dramatic weaponry ."	0
"the film opens with a trio of daredevil americans -- andy ( tom everett scott ) , brad ( vince vieluf ) , and chris ( phil buckman ) -- sneaking up to the top of the eiffel tower to drink wine and do a little bungee jumping ."	0
is he in the credits ?	0
the antics of these air traffic controllers will make you cringe .	0
"this setup leads to a lot of shouting , a great deal of lunacy , and very few laughs ."	0
"none of this is terribly exciting , because all the action sequences are so badly framed that it's often hard to tell why it's happening in the first place , not to mention that they're edited in full-on incomprehensible mtv quick-cut style ."	0
"however , because of the film's self-irony , black humour and fascinating cinematography , i would say that it is his greatest achievement in a long , long time ."	0
"jimmie takes anne out for dinner to the restaurant specifically used for proposals , and attempts to ask for her hand in marriage ."	0
"but after hearing sam the widower on the radio show , she becomes convinced that he is her destiny and is willing to risk her engagement for it ."	0
why bother trying to kill the kid . . . i	0
spawn's translation of the comic book suffers the most at the storyline level .	0
"but even after an hour of half-stated political statements and murky mass killings , we * still * don't know enough of what's happening in this country to feel distressed for the characters or their situations ."	0
nothing about varsity blues is inspired and the whole film simply moves through the sort of conventional motions that coach kilmer would love .	0
shouldn+t have to pay $7 . 50 to hear this in an awful robin williams schmaltzfest . )	0
"surely , if they had , they would have realized what leaden results they were producing ."	0
ice from the sun has been released on vhs by www . b-movie . com .	0
it just takes a turn which means that an otherwise brilliant movie loses some of its gloss .	0
kline spends most of the first two-thirds of the film frantically trying to convince everyone that he isn't .	0
the always watchable morgan freeman plays a detective who becomes personally involved in a case involving missing girls .	0
these are of about equal quality to what you might observe on a nintendo 64 video game .	0
thankfully there are a few factors that i particularly liked .	0
"the joylessness of the proceedings , from the oppressively shady lighting to the mechanical fight scenes , can be felt in every frame ."	0
fans of this movie ( if any exist ) should enjoy the dvd release .	0
"in the rage : carrie 2 , robert mandel's terminally bland sequel to carrie , there isn't a single original moment ."	0
"joe , as a special effect , is an image that might hold your interest for five minutes ."	0
"but some in the pope's circle want to kill her if found , even though the pope insists on having faith and letting her live , as he lectures them : "" even in the world's darkest days -- doing evil doesn't stop evil , but brings on more evil . """	0
"but now it seems like watching a van damme movie has become a painful chore , with no rewards but the virtually guaranteed helping of mind-numbing action ."	0
"the rest of the film's characters are all well past thirty , though act like annoying high school party animals insulting one and other with a series of strained one-liners ; is it just me or have labored insults become big budget hollywood's new character developing technique ?"	0
"not a single character is likable , therefore neither is the plot ."	0
"if you've made celebrated films , don't do an ensemble piece ."	0
"spotting a young tree she doesn't like the look of , she turns to the trembling christina and utters the immortal line "" tina ! !"	0
"by night ( particularly on ? nitro' monday ) , they pay homage to their personal hero and savior - jimmy king ( oliver platt ) , the undisputed leader of the professional wrestling community ."	0
it's too sloppy and too contrived .	0
we have also become accustomed to inevitable occurrences in our society .	0
"o'donnell plays jimmie , a hopeless romantic in his late twenties who's progressing in a serious relationship with anne ( renee zellweger ) ."	0
digital effects .	0
"it was natural that roger ebert trashed it writing that it was "" without the comic book uplift "" of the indiana jones and superman pictures ."	0
"separated from his family when he was young , he escapes to america and tries to live an honest life ."	0
"this movie was basically an excuse to get a boatload of people into dangerous territory where they could get snarfed by ridiculous , computer-generated anacondas with the eyes and fangs of vipers and the faster-than-gravity downward acceleration of a harrier jet ."	0
"he obviously doesn't have a lot of self esteem and thinks he has to kiss up to get ahead , which he does by volunteering to coach the company's girls' soccer team ."	0
"one female filmmaker ( jennifer morrison , the freaky dead girl from stir of echoes ) writes a fiction script based on a serial killer who kills his victims according to "" urban legend "" tales ."	0
"donald sutherland has fallen on hard times recently by starring in thoroughly disposable films , such as 1994's "" the puppet masters , "" although i just watched him in the superb 1978 sci-fi classic "" invasion of the body snatchers , "" where he was fabulous ."	0
"the man from hollywood writer/director : quentin tarantino starring : quentin tarantino , bruce willis , paul calderon and jennifer beals ( again )"	0
"relentless 3 , third in the row , features sam dietz again , but this time detective , who had to catch vicious serial killer in his very first case , doesn't want to deal with similar line of work ."	0
"one of the funniest lines in the movie flies by : when asked to comment on the clitoris ( don't ask ) , jay responds : "" the female clitoris ? """	0
"the cast of quality name actors was forced into roles that not even one of them could convert into a mediocre performance , and every story line crashed and burned quicker than it takes for the ball to drop at midnight ."	0
"with the resources of the most cutting edge special effects houses and the clout of one of the nation's premiere movie production companies , one would think emmerich could make a film truly deserving of the name godzilla ."	0
"in the end , it's a tie -- they all win ."	0
"the effects are awful , the script is contrived , and for most of the feature i was laughing at things that were supposed to be taken seriously ( i think ) ."	0
"no one will truly understand the heart and soul of this man except through his work , and this movie makes a vain attempt at that ."	0
"starring arnold schwarzenegger ; danny devito ; emma thompson & frank langella the only thing that you can say about junior is that it is a disappointment , and a big one at that ."	0
"some of the acting is a burdensome area as well , probably because the performers were instructed to build personas that are the exact opposite of their true selves ."	0
"a slightly-neurotic scientist ( nice twist ) , dr . dan jackson ( james spader , doing his best outside of erotic thrillers and some indy fare ) who's life sucks so much that people walk out of his lectures after the third word ."	0
script and the usually reliable paul verhoeven directed .	0
starting in a not too distant future the film concentrates on a wealthy family that buys an android to help them with the house and children .	0
the moral of the story is that hope is the best medicine .	0
"it's tough to believe a pretty boy like phillippe as a hard ass , but his performance actually helps with the illusion ."	0
"when they're finished , his gizzards are hanging from the ceiling ."	0
the creature has the ability to kill people by swinging his arms around and pushing .	0
no looking back goes to extraordinary lengths to make sure that we're not especially interested in the outcome of the romantic triangle .	0
""" i can accept failure ."	0
perhaps those artificial humans would find this entertaining .	0
an affluent horse breeder's past comes up to haunt him ; an ages old cover-up and blackmail comes back to haunt him at the hands of one of his accomplices .	0
"and he must of been on some drug when he wrote the final ten minutes , which are awful ."	0
"murphy is stranded with too few solid punch lines , and nearly all of the ones he does have bounce of ejogo and fall to the ground limply ."	0
"first , and most noticeable is that as the film goes from one subplot to another , there is no apparent order that it follows , and it is also weekened by unnecessarily edgy edits from scene to scene and shot to shot ."	0
"emmerich and devlin are master illusionists , waving their wands and mesmerizing audiences with their smoke and mirrors ."	0
"snake eyes falls into the horrid category , but there are a couple of moments that are worth seeing strictly for their film-school degree-of-difficulty value ."	0
too bad the debut director isn't very strong in this de- partment .	0
"oh yeah , there's also something about a ghost possessing the mansion and shit , but trust me , you won't care much about the "" plot "" in this film . . ."	0
what is his motivation for taking this drastic and perhaps dangerous step ?	0
"the film begins to lose its way , though , when the focus tightens more and more on seth and maggie ."	0
"( at least , i * hope * i don't see anything equally bad ) ."	0
"okay , here's the deal ."	0
"she did a decent enough job in ed burns' "" she's the one "" because it was a smaller and supporting role , and she just doesn't deliver the goods effectively in this movie ."	0
) is better than the film .	0
"the documentary runs about 25 minutes and is actually surprisingly good ( it looks as though it was made for broadcast on tbn ) , and it does a comprehensive job of interviewing practically everyone in the cast and crew ( with the exception of michael ironside , unfortunately ) ."	0
"scripter gene quintano and director-cinematographer peter hyams are primarily interested in the derring-do , as evidenced by choreographer xin-xin xiong's elaborate - but not original - stunts , including a fast-paced stagecoach chase , a tavern brawl on rolling barrels , high-wire acrobatics with the combatants dangling from ropes , and a ladder-fight sequence ."	0
"as it is , though , "" she's all that "" relies * completely * on the lame and overused formula to push it ahead ."	0
"the corridors on the ship are narrow , misty , and provide the kind of atmosphere that all scare-fests must have ."	0
"loser may be a crashing bore , but gee , aren't those two kids swell ?"	0
"but what can you say about a film whose high-points include watching carrey slink around to the theme from "" mission impossible ? """	0
prinze plays a college student intent on playing the field until he falls for stiles' freshman co-ed .	0
"bond is "" helped "" in his task by mary goodnight ( ekland ) , whose character couldn't possibly be any closer to the stereotypical bimbo ."	0
it's icky .	0
this is really sad considering how good the first fright night film was .	0
"quite sadly too , seeing as how i can discuss everything about the movie and never mention his name ."	0
this problem is extremely noticeable in the opening scene where cromwell resurrects xusia .	0
""" are you looking at me ? "" , she queries , obviously haunted ."	0
"well , this film didn't do much for me ."	0
the best way i can put it is that it's funky .	0
what a crock !	0
""" priests need nuns , '' yaps c-note , a san francisco pimp ."	0
"smith's "" verbal trampoline , "" as ben affleck once called his distinctive dialogue , takes a back seat to his dubious instincts as a populist filmmaker ."	0
"all this to get to the familiar yet offensive "" revelation "" that sexual deviants are not , indeed , monsters but everyday people like you and me ."	0
"one of the problems with conspiracy theory is that it tries to pass itself off as an action-thriller when it seems to have neither a whole lot of action , nor a significant number of thrills ."	0
"this movie didn't stop with showing us the gore , either ; it went for broke and showed us everything ."	0
the period updating turns out to be a detrimentally bad idea because much of hammer's moral code is thrown to the wind .	0
cars crash .	0
where are the stories about women's world ?	0
he works for a very powerful organization that disagrees with the paternal project leader as to how quickly technology should be released to the public .	0
thankfully most actors in this movie will appear in five other movies before the new year arrives to help viewers forget this little movie .	0
"take a scene where he's being followed by some agents into a parking garage : he quickly sprays his car another color , and adds a solvent that if touched kills the person who touched it ."	0
"but for a topic of such weight as combat in the second world war ( or the holocaust ) this technique backfires , for it creates coherent , comprehensible and redemptive narratives out of events whose size , complexity and evil are utterly beyond the reach of human ken ."	0
"let's say you've just been in a car accident , and the driver of the other vehicle is unconscious ."	0
"there , with the help of his old friend , local policeman rosewood ( judge rheinhold ) , foley would clash with money counterfeit ring ."	0
[r]	0
"while watching loser , it occurred to me that amy heckerling's true genius as a film-maker is casting ."	0
"but the computerized spooketeria rarely feels real , placing an emotional wall between audience and screen ."	0
read on to see what i have to say . . . .	0
"it is a serious film ( seriously flawed if you ask me , but i digress ) which offers a couple of witty quips to keep you awake , but overall , just sits there ."	0
"the only other recent challenger to their throne was last fall's promising , if flawed , 20th century fox production "" anastasia , "" but disney's "" hercules , "" with its lively cast and colorful palate , had her beat hands-down when it came time to crown 1997's best piece of animation ."	0
11 . ) galapagos iguana's actually live in the french polynesian islands ?	0
and rupert everett was cute in his small part as well .	0
a wacky librarian ( keith david ) comes to her rescue when she goes into labor one night while she is camped in the outdoors section of the store .	0
no such luck .	0
"marc blucas appears in "" jay and silent bob strike back "" as fred from the scooby doo gang , while freddie prinze jr . plays the same character in the upcoming big budget film version of the old cartoon ."	0
they're awful .	0
) from the begining he's our hero and this doesn't work .	0
"after undergoing intense training under an expert swordsman , he goes looking for his enemy ."	0
the acting isn't anything to write home about .	0
maybe it's an attempt to cover up the fact that none of the scenes have any dramatic weight whatsoever .	0
but his paradise is about to be shattered by a one-two-punch .	0
a simple rule : more silly action is needed in order to make a silly action movie work .	0
"although the story is updated , you know the plot ."	0
"( michael redman has written this column for 23 years and has seldom had a more disorienting cinematic experience than seeing both "" fear and loathing "" and "" godzilla "" in the same evening . )"	0
and i was impressed .	0
certainly no one would rent ed wood's glen or glenda ?	0
""" four rooms "" was supposed to be one of the biggest hits of the year ."	0
i guess halloween masks are out of style for psychos these days .	0
christopher lambert vs . evil ninjas in modern-day japan . . .	0
"i guess he was picked for the color of his hair and the shape of his body , but he seems pretty lanky to me ."	0
"as for pryce , he may as well wear a curled mustache and cackle , "" i'll get you , my pretty , "" for all the depth his cardinal houseman is afforded ."	0
"a late rip-off of the "" meatballs "" series , the film follows a group of young camp counselors at camp chipmunk ."	0
"the way this movie deals with lesbianism , we might as well be watching an overheated docudrama about aids ."	0
she's incredibly hot and makes the movie pretty much a star better .	0
a david wilcock review ? 1998	0
which one is the killer ?	0
"she tries the door , opens it , and wanders around the house ."	0
"eventually though , even the most well-trained zombie alien gets a bit uppity and needs to be taught a lesson ."	0
"not only did it rely on deception to induce warm , fuzzy feelings from the audience , it reduced max to someone we should pity and coddle , which i thought was quite undeserved ."	0
almost .	0
"nothing new here , and certainly nothing we haven't seen in every other van damme movie ."	0
neither of which are particularly exciting .	0
"at the end it subjects us to lee plenty's new film , which is a movie of the movie we've just seen , but with even worse acting ."	0
"woody harrelson plays the hotshot bowler on the rise , roy munson ."	0
you may ask .	0
"small world , eh ?"	0
those hoping for an interesting and/or funny yarn are given too many musical interludes while those heavily interested in the music are given too much of a story .	0
"that quantity was mostly provided by cannon group , prolific production company that dominated the b-movie market in previous decade by flooding it with cheap , formulaic and , more often than not , unwatchable genre products ."	0
"not only are there thousands of vampires , but they seem to move from city to city , pay off police departments and , most importantly , establish their own exclusive after-hours raves in which the highlight is the sprinkler system going off and dousing all the occupants in a blood shower ."	0
"things start to pick up when our characters reach tatooine ; young anakin is perhaps the only truly fleshed-out character in the film , and lloyd does a thoughtful job with the role ."	0
"in three days time , or something ."	0
"under sonny's supervision julian soon learns to lie to women , tell people how he "" wipes his ass , "" throw tantrums , and scream for his "" god damned "" treats ."	0
watch it with some friends for a good laugh and celebrate .	0
to analyze such mediocrity is to grant payback far more attention than it deserves .	0
it had absolutely nothing to do with the story -- but i liked it .	0
"it's also funny , even when it isn't meaning to be funny ."	0
"the late chris farley , as hysterical as he ever was , is amusing in a cameo role , but , as a whole , the supporting players are amateurish and seemingly free from any directorial guidance ."	0
hullo ?	0
"john's family consists of his wife maureen ( mimi rogers ) , his atypical teenage daughter penny ( lacey chabert ) , his ingenious son will ( jack johnson ) , and his beautiful scientist daughter judy ( heather graham ) ."	0
"i figure it will be a comedy , so i'll throw a half-dozen writers at it and take the best of whatever they come up with ."	0
the movie opens with the russian space station mir about to transmit something ( we never find out what ) to a big boat with lots of satellites on it .	0
"there's lots of shooting and some kung fu fightin' , but none of it progresses beyond the level of a cheap direct-to-cable flick ."	0
"this probably explains why neeson looks so hopeless in the role , and why he's recently retired from film ( i don't blame him , honestly ) ."	0
"however , this all looks positively inspired when compared to the first appearance of the evil alien goo which ultimately infests patrick ; watching as it slinks around the command module of the spaceship , any question as to whether or not this is a cheesy b-movie is quickly answered ."	0
"matthew lillard seems to play the same role in every movie , and he does in this one too ."	0
"instead , his extremely funny manner has been reduced to just walking around stupidly ."	0
but it is indeed the pathetic performances that provide the bulk of _knock_off_'s laughs .	0
a character that could have been simply awful is merely groan-worthy .	0
"curiously , the menu screens on this dvd look nothing like the menu screens pictured on the back of the case ."	0
"there's hardly a laugh in it , the cast is weak , and the first movie left no room for even one sequel ."	0
"i thought : liam neeson , cathrine zeta jones and jan de bont ."	0
it is rated r for profanity and sexuality and would be acceptable for most teenagers .	0
"i only say this now because "" mufti splenetik "" isn't my real name and because i probably need to explain why i went into this film expecting great things ."	0
"the brain exerts its evil influence upon the novelist and his secretary , while his wife disapproves ."	0
"meanwhile , doug is a complete loser ."	0
and so on . . .	0
i don't know what the writer's intention was with drive me crazy .	0
the only fun i had in the movie was pointing out the wrestlers i knew .	0
""" entrepreneur . """	0
"but director brian robbins and screenwriter steven brill handcuff themselves , and limited to a stampede of asinine , humdrum bathroom humor , basically the only thing they manage is to evoke memories of pauly shore and `bio dome' ."	0
"sentenced to three years in prison , he served 15 months and completed parole in 1992 ."	0
"as in almost every summer movie , there are some interesting scenes , but most of the moments that i remember are associated with massive special effects ."	0
"meaning , in cinema , needs to be self-contained and determined ."	0
"i didn't agree with that assessment , but i could see what was being implied : the reviewer felt as if the audience was being incited to stand up and pump their fists and shout "" do 'er , man , do 'er ! """	0
"an example of this is a very promising and tense buildup of a scene : in an attempt to arrest clint eastwood , the police have set up a trap at a small restaurant ."	0
i think what happens to gavin is proof enough that there's something rotten in the state of teen angstdom .	0
"the script and acting should be what gets us to believe in these characters , yet schumacher has no subtlety in his ( ha ha ! )"	0
"relying on his trademark of speaking into his personal recorder and saying "" note to self "" ( "" note to self : learn to fight , "" he says after getting beat up ; "" note to self : there's always beer , "" he says after hitting rock bottom ; etc . ) , we feel like we're just watching an elongated rehash of his not-so-glorious days on saturday night live ."	0
""" ladybugs "" is a typical comedy that relies on three supposed guarantees : the pathetic team who beats the champs ; cross dressing ; and the presence of rodney dangerfield ."	0
he gave them heart .	0
these verbose pimps had a smart answer for everything and never knew when to shut their face .	0
"connor tries his best to convince mccabe to go along with the surgery ; he's at first reluctant , but reconsiders after he realizes he can plan his escape at the hospital ."	0
"the film then introduces us to matthew broderick , a biologist who has been studying the fascinating growth of chernobyl earthworms ."	0
"it has a clumsily told story , insipid dialogue , shallow characterizations , ugly scene transitions , no evidence of dramatic arc , headache-inducing sound effects , and a resolution that is completely implausible ."	0
"my personal favorites include : the prison-matron modeled after austin powers' frau farbissina , who apparently taught ms . judd everything she knows about wearing wigs ; jason priestley's awfully played dirty desert vagrant #1 , who tries to emulate dennis hopper a la blue velvet , but fails miserably ; and the cop-who-sees-ashley-fleeing-an-accident-scene-and- then-wants-to-pay-for-sex- but-is-shot ."	0
"kara uses it to create a bug-like thing which immediately crashes through the layer of "" whatever "" that protects the city ."	0
let's hope hollywood gives her more to work with next time around .	0
"she still hasn't forgiven the guy as they board the terror train ( "" you asshole , you can't have a good time without hurting somebody ! "" ) ."	0
"these scenes are all done with an eye for comedy and parody , if that's possible ."	0
"and for god's sake , mike nichols directed the graduate , and annette bening is just walking away from american beauty ."	0
"for her to do photos for "" frame , "" lucy demands that syd be promoted to editor and assigned to her since lucy fancies her ."	0
the entire job selection process is completely ridiculous .	0
little known facts about this film and its stars : this film is based on the novel written by alice hoffman .	0
"anyway , the black sheriff rides into town amid a flurry of townsfolk using the n-word ."	0
while i might recommend this film to an action audience i would say that what i look for in a vampire film vampires rates a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .	0
"ana ? s doesn't receive any warmth from her largely absent parents , who join elena in making fun of her hefty girth ."	0
movie becomes 100% horror .	0
she actually looks scared during her one love scene .	0
( well it's not as bad as wing commander i guess )	0
"most of the ocmic relief comes courtesy of the batologist's wisecracking sidekick ( leon ) , who takes every opportunity to sputter ingenious lines like "" i hate bats ! """	0
you guessed it . . .	0
you should read this only after seeing the film or deciding that you will not see the film .	0
the first two rocked and i did like the last one .	0
awful decision there joel .	0
"first , he does not really reverse the roles of the humans and the apes ."	0
"stopping off at a nearby wal-mart for a quick rest , novalee's boyfriend decides to take off and leaves her there ."	0
"richard o'callaghan is appealing as bogg's stuck-up son , patsy rowlands is funny as miss withering , bogg's assistant , and renee houston is terrific in her small part as agatha ."	0
this is a movie that is not just satisfied in ripping off other movies but feels the need to remind us of that fact every ten minutes .	0
"an easily manipulated man , his weakness of character foreshadows the betrayal of joan which would lead to her death ."	0
"but , on the other hand , since when do really bad slapstick ( a fistfight in the delivery room culminating in grant's head in joan cusack's lap--a scene he paid $60 to have included in the movie ) and obscene double entendres ( robin williams , the obstetrician , tells grant's pregnant girlfriend she has "" a big pussy , "" referring of course to the size of the cat hairs on her coat , but nonetheless , grant paid $60 to have the exchange included in the movie ) pass for comedy ?"	0
"if he had considered more carefully his purpose , the result would have been a much more interesting film ."	0
""" it's clear the film doesn't want to waste time on reality and thus the attempt to establish plausability ( the most minimal amount necessary ) comes across as a half-assed effort ."	0
"now some 49 years later , at least according to disney's way of thinking , the world is ready for one more ."	0
"well , let me share my moment of sheer panic , and then the cold enervation of the big let-down when a semi-robed hatcher purrs to alec baldwin , "" what do you think of my butterfly ? "" ."	0
"using a ramp , he shoots straight out of the top of the building's attic , and when he hits the ground , he just rides off in a cloud of dust ."	0
it's an archetypal post-apocalyptic plot full of promise .	0
right there you have plenty of ammo for a decent cop drama .	0
then there are movies that spend the whole time posing questions and try to answer it all in the last five minutes .	0
these lovers find that they need a warrior when the military coincidentally chooses this world to conduct exercises for their improved human weapons .	0
there are also instances where the screenplay by takashi bufford and bootsie parker ( are those real names ? )	0
he's too much of a joker .	0
"it's one of those films that makes you start laughing half-way through , when you realize that most of the actors in it suck , the location shots are filmed in dark "" junkyard "" type areas which they would like to have us believe to be futuristic ( whatever . . . ) , and all the sets look like . . . . well ,"	0
"the flubber is played for gags after it is introduced , but is all but forgotten about thereafter ."	0
"and now , back to the plot ."	0
"when you shoot people from under their chins , they look like they have double chins ."	0
"fouled back , right into this booth ."	0
"but right in the middle of the film , they throw in a completely un-related plot point ."	0
the only remotely compelling storyline involves sarah lassez as a teen who has a chance encounter with a famous tv star .	0
it is both humorous and romantic in a very unique blend that can successfully entertain any audience for the nearly 2 and and a half hours that it occupies .	0
"mulder and scully know "" the truth is out there , "" and so try to expose both the invasion and the cover-up ."	0
but those gun shots sure crack like thunder .	0
another scene has a teenage paulina being fondled on a bus by the man sitting next to her .	0
"meanwhile , mia begins having chronic stomach pains and losing a lot of weight ."	0
"that is especially the case with jeff fahey , whose jack is so stupid that even the character played by fahey in lawnmower man looks like a genius in comparison ."	0
i thought there's something about mary was one of the funniest films that i have ever seen and it was certainly one of the best films of 1998 .	0
""" mimic "" continued the frightening hollywood trend of taking a foreign director who shows a lot of creative ingenuity and style , and completely flushing it when he comes to america to make a movie ."	0
"others include canada's last night , brazil's midnight , and american hal hartley's the book of life ."	0
the director ( of the fluke hit swingers ) could have very well directed a bunch of no-name actors and had a watchabe film .	0
""" the thought of losing you makes me all vomity inside . """	0
"unfortunately , the theater was far more impressive than the movie , which absolutely stinks , much like a french lavatory ."	0
and i hadn't even left the video store yet .	0
"unfortunately for those out there who can't truly appreciate animal or fart jokes , corky won't have much to offer you ."	0
the audience gets a good chuckle .	0
this conceit might have worked if the angel dimension played an integral role in the entire picture .	0
bottom line : ashley judd tries hard but can't save this predictable bore .	0
no . no . no . ( got it ? --you	0
let him grin demonically !	0
is this how a hundred million dollar movie should open ?	0
"but rehash old plot lines , tired dialogue , and standard clich ? s , and a well-intentioned effort such as this one could jeopardize your chance at a second feature film ."	0
viewers align themselves with him despite their uncertainty if he is hero or villain .	0
""" why aren't these characters being developed before their adventures ? """	0
"the adult characters probably fare the worse of any , since they all must play residents of a dim-witted town that cares about nothing but football ."	0
"the problem is , if you're going to attack siskel and ebert , you should at least make it funny ."	0
"strangely upbeat and wistful , the resolution is wholly unconvincing and unsatisfying ."	0
please don't spend your money on this ; it'll only encourage hollywood to make more .	0
eugene sands ( duchovny ) is a surgeon so dedicated to his craft that he becomes addicted to amphetamines to stay awake and work more .	0
"the four main characters are not even attempted to be developed as characters , and we learn very little about them , except that they are horny and would probably feel more comfortable in a preschool ."	0
"as jack cole , seagal is a homicide detective with a questionable past ."	0
"the plot is twisty and complex , with lots of lengthy flashbacks , and plenty of surprises ."	0
"this , of course , means all his neighbors exploit his entirely too-forgiving nature , making his job as a rhode island state trooper increasingly difficult ."	0
"during some conversations , close-ups and wide shots are not cut very well , making it look to be editted by someone whose instincts aren't good and whose timing was a half-second off ."	0
""" virus "" is the type of cliched , vacuous film that has been recylcled so many times before that you wonder why anyone would even bother putting work into making it ."	0
"the rest of the film is the pointless , unrealistic and often-times boring story of their researching the sexual relationship that they were blind to , and getting to know each other in the process ."	0
"secondly , a cheesy soundtrack tries to connote a tone of mystery , but only succeeds in drowning our ears with an abrasive musical score ."	0
"if anything , though , kudrow is a real talent , and i anxiously await the next time she is given a role more deserving of her time , as in her brilliantly nuanced , oscar-caliber work in 1998's "" the opposite of sex . """	0
"well , let's just call him the gas man ."	0
there was just nothing new here that any of us haven't seen before in aliens or hellraiser .	0
"now , i personally remember those films as a ) starring a major motion picture star b ) being funny c ) having great action sequences d ) great chemistry e ) decent character development ."	0
what follows are some generic all-girls school hijinks . . .	0
"if , for some bizarre , "" twilight zone "" -type of reason , you find yourself in a movie theater showing this film , my suggestion would be to hang up on it before the opening credits are over ."	0
"it's just another movie that we are suckered in to seeing , due to a strategic marketing campaign ."	0
"it has as much emotion as his earlier statement "" humans are the only animal that kills members of its own species "" contains truth ."	0
and :	0
"otherwise , don't get screwed out of your hard-earned money ."	0
"fortunately for this lame production , other characters do appear that make some of these high school scenes both humorous and remotely interesting ."	0
"there are those that might say "" the game "" is not intended to be viewed literally ."	0
honestly .	0
"the reasoning is , of course , that if a comet is going to strike , they might as well be out in some scenic rural location ."	0
"always on business trips , alain chabat more than once cheats on her , and she eventually finds out ."	0
seems this goop was an experiment that was being housed up on a satellite .	0
"oddly , the audience i saw the film with , roughly 50 twelve year-old girls , sat in silence for the entire film ."	0
"she doesn't want them to see kiss , if you hadn't figured that out already ."	0
"many lines seem out of place , and are completely meaningless ."	0
whatever . . . skip	0
""" houston . we have a serious problem . """	0
"all in all , salon kitty is failure , although with some very interesting moments ."	0
"unfortunately , the flubber , like all the special effects in this film , looks very fake and unconvincing ."	0
"place the blame squarely on the shoulders of steven de souza and doug richardson , who wrote the film's pathetic screenplay ."	0
"( while we're at it , put that visor back on laforge ! )"	0
what carpenter saves his serious screen time for a sequence of spectacular fights between hunters and vampires .	0
a good character drama should mean something to those involved in making the film and the audience .	0
"i'll tell you why , it's because we wouldn't have a ( bad ) movie otherwise , that's why !"	0
the only notable aspect of jawbreaker is the incredibly stylish look .	0
"cashing in on the success of white men can't jump and the failure of most of their solo vehicles ( including the cowboy way and drop zone ) , wesley snipes and woody harrelson have reteamed , hoping that they can strike up the same success ."	0
"he is naturally given a couple of modest superpowers , just enough for him to survive immolation from a flame thrower and an explosion of about a quart of nitroglycerine ."	0
"on a parallel track , government scientists have cloned a version of sil from the first film ( now called eve , again "" played "" by natasha henstridge ) and are keeping her around for some testing ."	0
coach bud kilmer ( jon voight ) has been around so long there is actually a bronze statue commemorating him .	0
any good shrink will listen to what his patient has to say no matter the subject because any good shrink will learn a great deal about his patient that way .	0
"and i guarantee you , it will wane ."	0
"james foley knows a lot about characters and acting , and those are the strengths of the corruptor ."	0
and the language they talk is earth- english .	0
"instead of stomping around tokyo this time , godzilla has chosen new york city ."	0
( hint : a ______ killed his _____ when he was just a _____ . )	0
"its a stupid little movie that trys to be clever and sophisticated , yet trys a bit too hard ."	0
"the point of a hero is to do the morally correct thing , a person for the audience to relate to or admire ."	0
"farley fans who see this film as a way to say goodbye should be commended for their loyalty , since it takes real stamina to stay seated for the full running length of this cinematic torture session ."	0
"you'd think plenty of comedic sparks would fly from the assemblage of talent ( whatever ) , but d . c . cab more or less falls flat on a continual basis , culminating in the usual contrived hollywood finale as baldwin is kidnapped and the other cabbies have to go to rescue him ."	0
"usually willis brings his personal brand of understated humor to his roles , but here he is too straight and serious ."	0
"the two have a comfortable relationship , but it's apparent to even a blind person that they're not right for each other ."	0
""" looks like he zigged when he should've zagged . """	0
"the film is presented in both pan and scan and it's original theatrical aspect ratio of 1 . 78 : 1 ( although on the disc that comes in the box set , only a widescreen transfer is provided ) ."	0
"there's a couple of really serious scenes that throw off the entire momentum of the movie , like the abuse angel takes from her hustler ex-boyfriend ."	0
is this hollywood . . . california ? )	0
they become walking wardrobes .	0
"the time period's instability , the conflicting social classes , the prejudice against suzie from all those around her in her new life : serving as both writer and director , potter throws in some of each , but hardly an inch of depth is to be found in any ."	0
"how that scene is still present in so many movies today appalls me : aren't present day moviegoers beyond being "" inspired "" by something like that ?"	0
"the ending tries to be bleak , but just comes off annoying ."	0
plot : a rich psychiatrist with a great home life gets his cute daughter kidnapped by some bad guys who want him to extract some information from the mind of one of his nutty patients .	0
"hunter s . thompson's fear and loathing in las vegas , written in 1971 , is already an american classic ; not merely because it was an unadulterated journey through the post-psychedelia of the 1960's , but also because it ushered in a new form of journalism known as "" gonzo "" ."	0
"all of whom are very good , just hamstrung by really , really , lousy material ."	0
"bump unsuspecting women , and . . . that's all ."	0
"the concept is "" leviathan "" meets "" titanic , "" with a dash of "" speed 2 "" thrown in for good ( or is that bad ? )"	0
"that little fact has been used as justification for the film's existence , that the butabis' newfound capacity for speech would open up a whole new set of doors for the characters ."	0
so i'm giving it a .	0
"spawn is a movie in which realism , or even an attempt to draw a parallel between the problems of the hero and real life is identifiable ."	0
"thinking of coming home to find alicia naked in the bathtub ( she has it all covered up , the little tease ) , and , worst of all , lee garlington dreaming of that hunk , george segal ."	0
"now that he has an adoptive son in burt ward / robin , bruce wayne is trying to be a father figure , constantly spouting out homilies about family and relationships , while at the same time not really having any ."	0
""" me , myself & irene , "" by contrast , seems to have been made by folks who looked at "" mary "" and saw only the surface grossness , missing all of the subtle machinations that really made it work ."	0
the eruption of the volcano feels similarly rushed .	0
"mountains can be moved , and good movies can be made ."	0
"it was mostly pantomine humor , with the comedy charged in the changing facial expressions of the characters and the absurdity of the situation ."	0
"is it about the business itself , how , bubbling just beneath the surface of big-town americana , there's a sordid world of sick and depraved people who won't necessarily stop short of murder in order to satisfy their sick and twisted desires ?"	0
the formal just followed them as they drove aimlessly ; the latter did a little bit of that and featured a big outdoor keg party .	0
"to be honest , the screening audience surrounding me in the theater yucked it up ."	0
"the romance between john and his girlfriend had the potential to be an adequate subplot , but we also learned very little about her , which is unfortunate since amy smart , whom i don't think i've seen before in past films , is probably the only character written with any sort of intelligence ."	0
"he keeps an uninvolved distance , thus keeping us from forming any emotional attachment with any of the protagonists ."	0
"his latest case is the murder of captain elisabeth campbell ( leslie stefanson ) at a georgia base , the victim found tied to the ground after an apparent sexual assault and strangulation ."	0
follow the rules ?	0
"ultimately , 8mm is probably worth renting on home video , unless your desperate to see what the snuff film within the film looks like ."	0
"still , the comparisons are inevitable , until one realizes a critical difference ."	0
"renee zellweger stars as sonia , a young jewish wife and mother frustrated by the constraints of her hasidic community in brooklyn ."	0
the characters are incredibly mean-spirited .	0
as it is the story tries to be much too philosophical and fails at its attempt .	0
"its script was handled by not one but five screenwriters , and it really shows during the awkward transitions between scenes ."	0
"this creature is shot about 500 , 000 times , but it's okay ."	0
"and what was new for taiwan was not necessarily new for the rest of us : yang adopts methods established years before by antonioni and others , and his use of those methods is fumbling , uncertain , undisciplined ."	0
"paul is the kind of guy who gives up his seat on the subway to an elderly woman ; his roommates adam ( zak orth ) , chris ( tom sadoski ) and noah ( jimmi simpson ) are the kind of guys who blast their music and let their waterbeds leak all over paul ."	0
"he's proven that he can be much funnier than these formulaic films allow him to be , and yet , like a glutton for punishment , he keeps coming back ."	0
you've got a bunch of people going nowhere in their lives ; of course they're dumb enough to go to a party some stranger invited them to provided they win a million dollars if they survive the night .	0
couple things .	0
catherine o'hara and jobeth williams are always good and totally wasted here .	0
there is a funny scene ( the only one in the film ) where the young man tries to use some twisted logic in order to get the older man to seek out the nightclub owner ( baotian li ) in order to recoup his losses .	0
"later that day , woo is given an opportunity to go out on a blind date with tim , a shy man with a penchant for neatness and order , who just happens to be a virgo ."	0
it is not rated but would be an r for violence and nudity and would be acceptable for older teenagers .	0
it's bimbo !	0
"one is tommy lee jones , who plays travis lehman , a parole officer given the tedious task of watching over libby after she serves her sentence in prison ."	0
"as he puts his hand in , the same action is shown from an overhead camera angle in a rectangle at the corner of the screen ."	0
no it isn't .	0
the odd couple ii	0
comments : house on haunted hill is based upon the original 1958 film of the same title directed by william castle and starring vincent price .	0
"henry and phoebe ephron collaborated on 17 screenplays , including "" desk set "" and "" there's no business like show business . """	0
"ben tries to help paul , mostly so he will get him off his back , but the plot gets more complicated when paul follows ben to his wedding , which ends with a man dropping eight stories to his death ."	0
"people wanting to see kiss , and lots of it will probably be disappointed , considering the band appears for about five minutes and plays one song ."	0
i suppose i should give director thomas carter credit for taking the obligatory san francisco car chase ( how much do you want to bet on the likelihood of seeing a car soar over a hill ? ) and doing a few interesting things with it .	0
there's no real suspense here 'cause you don't care about anyone .	0
"but as more and more people find out about their scheme , more and more people demand a part of their winnings , and more and more problems arise ."	0
sigh .	0
bob rueland ( david duchovny ) loses his wife elizabeth ( joely richardson ) in a car accident .	0
"this is the kind of stupid movie -- just like patch adams -- in which a big group of characters ( psychotic inmates , in this case ) rise against the evil forces oppressing them by tearing up playing cards ."	0
so much for truth in advertising .	0
"sadly , this amounts to barely more than reciting dialogue of such sheer banality that it makes one eager to see the script randall wallace wrote with his right hand at the same time as he was writing "" pearl harbor "" with his left ."	0
"when he's in full nice-guy mode , he's more pathetic than endearing ."	0
"oh , woe ."	0
"we're not supposed to be able to notice that , and when we do , at least in my case , i consider it a wrong choice in casting ."	0
look at what i can do !	0
then he took down a volume of shakespeare's work and read it cover to cover - never really paying attention to the words or plot .	0
"he believes his brother ? richie was "" taken out "" and didn't die from a dwi accident ."	0
finding an all-star cast for such a film is a stroke of genius .	0
"this film has an appropriate blue-toned , washed-out look like "" payback "" ( which was a much better movie ) ."	0
"this is one of the cheapest ways to ellicit an emotional response from an audience , and i , for one , am not going to be fooled ."	0
"a couple weeks ago , after seeing the trailer , a bunch of friends and i got into a long discussion of how invisible man flicks never go so far as to have the invisible individual indulging in their newfound ability ."	0
the acting by robin williams ( prof .	0
here lies another crucial flaw in the story : doesn't anyone realize you can copy a tape ?	0
the devils advocate	0
"wayne lefessier ( steven zahn ) , j . d . mcnugent ( jack black ) , and darren silverman ( jason biggs ) have grown up all their lives together , they have been best friends forever and vow to stay close till the end ."	0
"for the same reasons that the young generation of today can not be amazed by julius verne's "" 20 000 leagues under the sea "" , so can't we accept this story as a potential reality ."	0
"all the while , of course , they must keep the weapon below 50 degrees ."	0
hav plenty isn't so much a bad film as it is a total waste of the audience's time .	0
"not coincidentally , the enticing bits of visual bravura were the shots assembled into the movie's remarkable trailer , a savvy piece of work which ironically is infinitely more appealing that the feature film itself ; the first promo which made the rounds in early spring is probably my favourite studio trailer so far this year ."	0
""" battlefield earth "" has the honor sewed up ."	0
he docks at a small floating village of sorts .	0
"for at least a half-hour , "" excess baggage "" bounces along fast and efficiently ."	0
"it seems he has a half-brother of sorts - not a real brother mind you , just the illegitimate child of his bluesman pseudo-father curtis ( cab calloway from the first film ) , who has also passed on ."	0
will this guy ever get a real role ?	0
"you can tell titus sinclair is supposed to poke fun at vince , but any self-respecting wrestling fan knows that sinclair is more inspired by bischoff than vince , and that vince did what he had to do to bret hart ."	0
"my thoughts after meeting him on november 21 , 1997"	0
"oh yes , and then there's that little girl ."	0
a confrontational scene he has with costner near the end is especially well played .	0
"but bad , it is ."	0
"you almost wonder if william dozier , producer of the tv series is collecting royalties from this film ."	0
the business was incredibly profitable and the proceeds translated into the political power to squelch and discredit any political movements against big tobacco .	0
it was made in 1971 and talbot rothwell the scriptwriter seems to be in two minds whether to go for 'bluer' jokes or to maintain the 'innocent' jokes success of most of its predecessors .	0
at the millennium a lethal contagious virus has hit taiwan .	0
"as a narrative , the big hit is pure garbage , never truly deciding its genre and constantly crossing all kinds of boundaries ."	0
"the worst case is lauren holly , who presents a completely bland claudia ."	0
"the big trial for steve is , of course , to fit in at school and make new friends ."	0
"actually , in "" double team , "" neither's performance is all that bad ."	0
he operates a sophisticated military-style pt boat and every word that comes out of his mouth is awash in comical flippancy .	0
"meanwhile , attempts at satirizing the shallowness of american culture ( i . e . , how easily the public can be fooled into jumping on the bandwagon of the latest trend ) come across as feeble and derivative ."	0
"of course , wellington is not only rich , but white and 53 years old , which makes lance's bid for closing night at the apollo , as well as his desire to woo suntee ( regina taylor , "" jerry maguire "" ) , a tad tricky ."	0
"so , due to luigi's ( john leguizamo ) girlfriend - princess daisy - they go and investigate ."	0
"speaking of wastes , why the hell did john hannah agree to do this ?"	0
"you add a high school environment that features everyone from prom queens to math club nerds , and then a very simple relationship conflict that can be worked out in 90 minutes , the typical teenage attention span ."	0
"he is trying to cast one actress for his new film and is getting pressure from the producers and from crime figures to cast someone else , cammie rhodes ( melissa george ) ."	0
the dialogue is structured of ancient stereotypes and cliches lined up one after another .	0
"imagine george of the jungle stripped of all ( intentional ) humor , and you have a fair idea of what this tarzan is like ."	0
"unfortunately , anaconda was about as suspenseful and exciting as watching paint peel ."	0
"- then again , maybe you don't ) is seriously reigned in ."	0
jack douglas plays a milder version of his excruciatingly annoying on-screen persona and kenneth williams is given a rather mundane part .	0
"i do , however , recommend watching fear and loathing in las vegas under the influence of your favorite controlled substance - i guarantee it will enhance the effect ."	0
"even movies like "" lost in space "" and "" mission to mars "" seem spectacular in its shadow ."	0
it's creating bio-mechanical life-forms to eliminate the human race !	0
"if it came down to a fight for leadership between you and the leader of the terrorists , why didn't you do that halfway through the film and save us all a lot of headaches ?"	0
"at only a little past ninety minutes , no looking back is rather short for its genre ."	0
"catherine zeta-jones , lili taylor and owen wilson play his subjects ."	0
? 1999 eugene novikov &#137 ;	0
"meanwhile , a hotshot director ( justin theroux ) , whose wife is in bed with the poolman , is forced to cast a certain actress in his new film and there's an assassin ( mark pellegrino ) roaming the city ."	0
"i'm just eager to meet you one day , so i can buy you a stoli , look you in the eye and say , "" what in the wide world of sports were you thinking with u-turn ? """	0
i've seen home movies directed better than meyer managed with this turkey .	0
"and like most cinematic failures , it comes down to bad writing , dumb performances and lousy direction ."	0
there is enough violence in the real world involving children without having to make them on-screen victims as well .	0
what are the four ingredients of a really bad action movie ?	0
they move from antagonism to love somewhere off screen .	0
go rent men in black instead and pretend smith and tommy lee jones are wearing cowboy hats .	0
a strange noise emanates from the rock .	0
"there are lots of fights , gun battles , lame plot developments and a noticeable lack of plausibility ."	0
mr .	0
the film suffers from annoying performances by bernard bresslaw and especially kenneth cope .	0
one major secret is the meaning of the huge sphere of gold-toned liquid metal at the heart of this spaceship .	0
"the best parts are enthralling , but then there are all of those dead spots in-between ."	0
10=a classic 9=borderline classic 8=excellent 7=good 6=better than average 5=average 4=disappointing 3=poor 2=awful 1=a crap classic	0
"when he walks down the street searching for robin tunney , you can't help but feel that he looked like a devil ."	0
"it's too bad really , "" monkey bone "" could have been a real good movie , but with it's heavily done hack job , and lack of character development it just sinks when the end credits role ."	0
are amanda and tom destined to be together ?	0
"i'd say this is unsuitable for kids , but teens wouldn't have a problem sitting through it , especially since they obviously compose the film's target audience ."	0
"that this is a dating film , about singles who for reasons of fate or luck , or whatnot , have not had a successful match and are now putting most of their energy into fulfilling their careers , is nothing new , this type of film has been done often and better many times in contemporary films ."	0
"it has all the makings for a subplot of having shandling be discovered , that , thankfully , never comes to the inevitable hackneyed fruition ."	0
"then there's mini-me ( verne troyer ) , a . . ."	0
this is basically a conventional thriller told in a pretentiously bizarre fashion .	0
""" it was not scary . """	0
"however , banderas's role is completely underwritten and it is unclear why being the 13th warrior makes him so special ."	0
"instead of norman bates we have two brothers - one of them traumatised physically , another mentally ."	0
"if that wasnt bad enough , red corners dialogue is purely laughable on many occasions ."	0
"there are so many flaws in double jeopardy , it is laughable ."	0
"there is no great demand for another giant ape movie-make that ape movie , period ."	0
lethal sea snakes attack goodman .	0
"miraculously , what comes out is beautiful ."	0
"they rob numerous banks with identical interiors , always with the kindest of hearts , strutting in their grungy dusters as moby songs play in the background ."	0
"sandler is somewhat adequate in his leading man role , but there is no spark ."	0
the jokes are indeed that bad .	0
"after all , i've never been to war , i've never been the victim of any violent crime , i've never really been broken hearted , and i've never been audited ; so i really had no frame of reference as to people meant when they said that something was "" hell on earth """	0
"with the popularity of "" spawn "" and the success of the current warner bros . 's batman film franchise , a movie version of some sort seemed inevitable for spawn ."	0
this is how desperately they need to be educated about the concept of humour .	0
no no . . .	0
oh cringe !	0
i rate it a 4 on the 0 to 10 scale and a 0 on the -4 to +4 scale .	0
so who needs this ?	0
i despair whenever i encounter this kind of stupidity in mainstream entertainment ; are we still so culturally neanderthal that the only way to include something like that in a big-budget hollywood film is as a hefnerism ?	0
"among the people she hires are sam ( robert de niro ) , vincent ( jean reno ) , and gregor ( stellan skarsg ? rd from good will hunting ) ."	0
ben stiller is an affable presence in the film but is not really stretching himself by playing the role as the nebbish to whom so many bad things happen .	0
"raymond demonstrates his violent tendencies ( and his paranoid delusions ) early on when he accuses valerie's brother , billy ( charlie creed-miles ) , of stealing ."	0
how obvious is it that he's gonna cheat on her and have to fess everything up ?	0
"sandra bullock ( who is a good actress but not a serious one ) looks clueless ; spacey's accent switches itself on and off at random ( and he's given a totally thankless role to play as well , a role without an iota of depth ) ; and mcconaughey's role is stamped from the cardboard back of a cereal box ."	0
don't go anywhere near it .	0
"just ask mr . furious ( ben stiller ) , the blue raja ( hank azaria ) , and the shoveler ( william h . macy ) ."	0
abrams directed by michael bay	0
this project holds great promise : taking hydrogen from water and giving out more energy than is put in .	0
"first of all , i couldn't help but think about how much the lead actor , loren dean , looked like a young charles grodin ."	0
"for them , moral depravity of fascism could be explained to the audience by explicitly showing sexual depravity of those era ."	0
"he thinks that francis's paintings have "" no bloody use , "" and the movie presents no counterargument ."	0
the plot is incomprehensible .	0
it feels like an eternity .	0
"anyway , on his wedding day ( the third one ) , he invents the flubber , which not only bounces off of everything like a super ball on speed , but can also change shape like the aliens in water form in "" the abyss . """	0
"worse than that , it's also exploitative , offensive , and insulting to the intelligence at every turn ."	0
"in a soap opera twist , mother has only a few days to live ."	0
"the result : she unleashes the experimental wonder dog named max , a german shepherd with genetic recombination allowing it to swallow like a snake , camouflage like a chameleon , climb trees like a leopard , and attack with the strength of tiger ."	0
"but here , characters farting , belching and almost getting crapped on ( literally ) is not 'amusing . '"	0
"the real mccoy just can't keep it's head above water , and soon , * very * soon , sinks into a cliched mess of movie ."	0
"sultry sexpot/real estate agent sandra dunmore ( patricia arquette ) is married to jake , a "" creative yet unfocused "" ( and alcoholic ) advertising rep , played by dermot mulroney ."	0
the ladder sequence itself is a definite keeper but unfortunately the rest of the movie is just regurgitated crap .	0
"here's how much of a disaster this is : "" battlefield earth "" is already the worst movie of the year , and it's going to take something really , really inept to top it ."	0
"in aberdeen , rampling is a luminous diva , preening and static in her hospital bed ."	0
"in 1998 , actor michael rapaport pleaded guilty to the aggravated harassment of lily taylor ."	0
a dud all the way around .	0
"anne archer who is usually good in her roles , turns in a horrible job here ."	0
"his passive approach to the program eventually leads to many record-breaking feats , much to the dismay of cocky counterpart , mission commander captain overbeck ( william sadler ) , who once held the records ."	0
i reccemond it strongly .	0
after escaping from a mental institution 'the thief' played by billy zane goes out in the real world and finds that it is pretty harsh and gritty .	0
"honestly , i was hoping that all the goofball ads were actually a front for a decently funny movie ."	0
"they're on this caribbean cruise for pleasure , as are a handful of requisite stock characters , including a deaf teenager ( ! ) who has a crush on the hero ( ! ! ) who also knows how to sign ( ! ! ! ) ."	0
this movie is fairly long but it is action packed so it should do well in the box office . .	0
"if this weren't hollywood , we might get an interesting metaphysical discussion of life and death , but since it is , we get scene after scene of fish-out-of-water humor , just as if death is george of the jungle or crocodile dundee or some other poor schmuck who's wandered in from the jungle or the outback or whatever and doesn't know how to act in our society ."	0
"the brothers plan to get to mexico and meet carlos ( cheech ) , who will give them a place of sanctuary for thirty percent of their illegal take ."	0
it takes one joke---that people who eat the food are taken aback by it in most unusual ways---and recycles it over and over again until the film has reached an appropriate running time of 95 minutes .	0
"every time i would see a bottle of the soft drink , the mission to mars logo was emblazoned upon it ."	0
"what he _does_ do is nearly as big a mistake , and that is to provide a running voice-over narration by willis which rings of the standard hard-boiled style of pulp detective fiction ."	0
"arnold the absentee father becomes convinced that the only way to buy back his son's affection is to get him a turboman doll , which his wife ( rita wilson , who will never be the breadwinner of the hanks household choosing roles like this ) told him to get weeks ago ."	0
"compelling , but ultimately not ."	0
"ugh , just another small thing that annoyed me about this trash ."	0
"if there had only been more sequences like this , that relied on tautness and suspense rather than loud bursts of music , _urban legend_ might've been worth your money ."	0
"a two-hour still shot of a dog with a cartoonish voice over could entertain a lot of toddlers out there , but would that make it as artistic as beauty and the beast , which could easily do the same thing ?"	0
"it is a piece exploring the beauty of cinema and music , and the re-unification of people ."	0
"it's one thing to say : "" wouldn't it be fun to have death take human form and come down to earth . . """	0
"those moments of intelligence are delivered mostly by the film's two stars , jake gyllenhall as the immuno-deficient jimmy and swoosie kurtz as his over-protective , hyper religious , reagan-loving mother ."	0
"myers , in his first straight character part , is in turn appealing and appalling ."	0
"we've seen it all before , and better ."	0
"sinise plays kevin dunne , a naval officer who is in charge of the security for the secretary of the navy , who has come to watch the fight ."	0
it just shows you how disgraceful the film really is .	0
there's nothing like a good old car chase to introduce the characters in a movie .	0
"the new cinderella , danielle ( drew barrymore ) is not sitting around waiting for her prince to come ."	0
is it just that there are no better offers out there ?	0
there's a heavy nostalgia nowadays for the late sixties and early seventies and nowhere is it more apparent than on the big screen .	0
none of the stereotypes is successful except for walken ; azaria comes off as a preening queen when he's supposed to be macho .	0
there was some smart comedy in those films to make the obvious endings worth getting to .	0
"it is the proverbial "" blank screen "" which we project our minds on ."	0
the kind ari then helps leo and his fellow humans escape to the mountains to find leo's ship .	0
van sant has made a boring film .	0
"but let's not dwell on this any longer , i've already wasted plenty of your time and my own ."	0
"the jokes are juvenile , crude , appealing to the worst elements in people ."	0
the action sequences are not at all exciting or original .	0
it is rated r for violence and language and would be acceptable for teenagers .	0
one doctor is killed instantly after having a pencil rammed completely through his neck .	0
stars .	0
willis has barely a chance to come alive ; ditto for affleck .	0
"fire down below centers its story on a little mining town in god's country , somewhere in eastern kentucky ."	0
"this is basically a "" bad jinn "" story ."	0
* * * * * perfection .	0
"returns to its documentary style , but at that point any lingering sense that wood had the slightest idea what he was doing is pretty much gone ."	0
""" twilight "" wants very much to be a 1940's film noir with alan ladd or dick powell ."	0
"like scream and its numerous knockoffs , these secondary characters are supposed to serve as comic relief ."	0
sonic weapons ?	0
"molly , at one point in the film , not-so-brilliantly observes , after discovering diedre has moved into an apartment across from her family's to spy upon them , that "" she's crazy . """	0
"especially the showdown , when the ship first runs into an oil tanker and then dissembles a whole village is a treat ."	0
"but of course after that thrilling scene alien resurrection had no problem in returning to its pathetically low standard , and ends up crashing into the shores of movie dullness more often than japanese kamikaze jet fighters fall off their skis ."	0
so what's the point ?	0
: )	0
"as it turns out , there's some other nonsense going on here , involving and revolving around jerry's background ."	0
"unfortunately , after 2 adaptations , they still could not decide on how and what to focus their attention on to really bring out that important message which makes up the entire essence of the story ."	0
this is just plain depressing .	0
"in the hands of verhoeven , the mammoth sci-fi battle flick is one of the most astonishingly bad films ever made , a monument to inept filmmaking on a colossal scale ."	0
it's a character crying out for a better movie ( or at least another decently drawn character with which to interact . )	0
"the couple's relationship develops too hastily , leaving all subtlety effaced and replaced with a blatant show-and-tell approach ."	0
"well ok , we don't actually expect either of those things to be great in a horror film ."	0
"the film runs at a short 78 minutes , but it seems to be more in the vicinity of two hours , as the bleak , slow pacing makes children of the corn 666 : issac's return excruciatingly boring ."	0
none of the characters seem to work together at all ; they are always bickering and vying for some form of control .	0
"critics were right on in slamming the sword and the sorcerer , all right ."	0
"if you've seen the trailers or commercials , it's rather difficult to really figure out what this movie has in store ."	0
"the action sequences in dead-bang are strictly third-rate , and the movie has absolutely no momentum or suspense ."	0
an orginal plot that grows old real fast .	0
""" i'm unpredictable ! """	0
"bonham carter delivers a goodly range of emotion from behind a stiff prosthetic , but is undone in turn by the silliness of the writing ."	0
"after that , they start using the dead people to create half-human , half-machine creatures that look like the terminator but are much worse at walking around ."	0
eddie ( sean penn ) and maureen ( robin wright penn ) are a not-so-happily married couple down on their luck .	0
"lucky gal , alice , who met jerry when he saved her from a couple of muggers and has had to listen to his theories during the six months since ."	0
her memories of how she became hooked on the topic of bats sounds suspiciously like oceanographic student matt hooper's tale of how he became infatuated with sharks in `jaws' .	0
"plot holes are everywhere in tim sulka and john franklin's unbelievably horrible script , as nothing is accomplished or clear when the film reaches its conclusion ."	0
"although there are no brilliant mergers of comedy and song as in the original's rawhide/stand by your man medley , the music is very much enjoyable ."	0
i on the other hand was able to easily suspend the applicable requirements in the usual manner and declare myself suitably entertained .	0
"the cameos are lame and seem forced , and the ending blows chunks ."	0
i found the film interesting because of its unique awfulness : this is such a confused disaster of a film that it's entertaining to watch it in the same way that it's entertaining to witness a thirty car pileup on a freeway spaghetti bowl .	0
the spy game is up .	0
"even though this movie clocks in at a relatively skinny 96 minutes , it seems to run long enough to engulf two titanics ."	0
"this film is essentially an 80 minute stalk-and-slash film ( following the dante's inferno idea that your hell corresponds to how you lived your life or any one of the plots to nightmare on elm street 3 through 6 ) intercut with almost 40 minutes of strange and ( supposedly ) haunting images , many of which serve more to confuse than to further the plot ."	0
will grenier like his new popularity and turn on his friends ?	0
"the original made more than $100 million dollars at the box office , spawned a torrid collection of "" collectible "" items that ended up months later in the discount bins of wal-marts across the country , and generally made every kid on the planet want a damn dalmatian pup for christmas ."	0
"in a good entry to the genre , the audience becomes caught up in the love story , no matter how familiar it is ."	0
"the kids , unfortunately , are not up to the task ."	0
"soon after the book was written , hunter s . thomspon became the basis for a character in doonesbury known as uncle duke ."	0
"the title sequence is so good , so ominous and original , that it had me engrossed before the picture even began ."	0
( suggested alternate title--jim carrey : will do anything for a laugh . )	0
who would you guess wins ?	0
"most of the time it seems downright misogynistic , as when larroquette uses his telescope to peer into the women's showers or murray lifts a female m . p ."	0
"much like the protagonists of michelangelo antonioni's terminally bored cultural elite , matty is involved in a bitter pill "" relationship "" with high fashioned model annie ( at least i think she's a model . )"	0
"things start off in the predictable way , as director jon turtletaub introduces us to our hero , theo caulder ( cuba gooding , jr . ) , an ambitious , young psychiatrist under the supervision of an experienced , old psychiatrist ( donald sutherland ) ."	0
"while behind bars , libby learns an interesting little bit of information : a person can't be convicted of the same crime twice ."	0
means so f * * * ing earnest .	0
"* * * * amazing , potent stuff ."	0
"at first each one believes that the other has an ulterior motive for the relationship , but eventually they let down their guard and become closer ."	0
"and because of the film's plot changing it's course , snipes is almost forgotten apart , and hardly features in the movie ."	0
"hunt learns his next mission is to retrieve the chimera package and he is allowed to pick two regular imf agents to help , billy baird ( john polson ) and luther stickell ( ving rhames ) , with luther running a high-gadget computer , but he also must get a jewel thief named nyah hall ( thandie ) to join his team ."	0
"along with her cameraman friend , animal ( hank azaria ) , she decides to follow nick around as he trails godzilla ."	0
"she also has a bad case of wavering and overblown new york accents , a disease suffered by much of the rest of the cast ."	0
"big daddy is the first film in which the story seems more important than sandler's comic performance , and it's a miserable failure ."	0
"and , yes , diane keaton is literally old enough to be lisa kudrow's mother ."	0
the movie .	0
"the scenes describing the boys' bumbling antics get stretched so thin we stop caring who chan is supposed to be in any given shot ( in several shots , in fact , even the make-up and hair people seem to forget which brother is which . ) ."	0
"and they keep babbling about "" girl power "" when they should really be talking about "" cleavage power "" ."	0
ok . . . maybe	0
"there's a lot of major flipping action , too ."	0
""" jurassic park iii "" will probably provide some quick entertainment for those who go into it knowing what to expect , the same crowd who maybe liked "" the lost world : jurassic park . """	0
"he did , however , have a complete lapse in judgement when he got the idea for this film , and then decided to actually take the time to write it out ."	0
"the characters in arizona are funny , and there's also a good scene where robbin's asks a shopkeeper which 'threatening approach' was better , lawerences ( which consisted of lawerence threatening to shoot the shopkeeper's ass , and swearing a lot ) , or himselfs , ( which was speaking in a deep , scary voice ) but the gags are predictable , the lack of chemistry infurating , and the ending too far-fetched and 'perfect'"	0
it turns out that the message was written by grieving widower garret blake ( kevin costner ) and so theresa travels to north carolina and tracks him down .	0
""" 4 days to the millennium "" ) ."	0
"heck , he even made a good film in 1995 , with "" in the mouth of madness . """	0
"sinise is sincere and effective in many of his scenes , robbins and nielsen wholeheartedly convince as a loving nasa couple , and funnyman o'connell - well , he has a couple lines are actually amusing ( and intentionally so ) ."	0
"and for the record , allow me to state a few more problems with it ."	0
how's that for cryptic ?	0
#NAME?	0
"murphy plays scott roper , and as i previously mentioned , he is a san francisco hostage negotiator ."	0
"basically , we follow the trials and tribulations of two would-be couples - one young , the other older ."	0
"a dangerous criminal , however , attempts to destroy blade squad after his brother dies while being chased by them ."	0
"not knowing the cisco is actually behind the whole scheme , paris puts him in charge of rooting out the kidnapper ."	0
on the mediocre side are actually those playing the two central characters : matthew perry and bruce willis .	0
"take away the title and the jedi talk and the force , and you're left with what is easily one of the most vacuous special effects movies of all time ."	0
"the only not so forgettable element in this film is presence of former supermodel rosie vela , who , apart from showing her more than impressive looks , shows some of the singing talent too ."	0
"although i get the distinct impression that without them , this film would have ranked in negative numbers for me ."	0
aaaaaaaahhhh . . .	0
"apparently , someone decided that the audience was just a bit too dim to figure out the intricacies of the plot ."	0
but pictures of what ?	0
"example : the man , suffering from the onset of the virus ( or so i assume--everything is obscure in this movie ) vomits through the hole ."	0
she wants to build a career as an actress .	0
"as it is , the scenes which require the characters to actually talk to one another are weak and laughable ."	0
"in this respect , the film never disappointed me ."	0
watch the movie only if you find it philosophy compelling enough for a earful .	0
1900 .	0
"unfortunately , in "" the big hit , "" it seems that comedy is the main motive , and the violence is only intended to punctuate the laughs ."	0
classic comedic dunces were generally oblivious to their own idiocy .	0
"his girlfriend , mary ( catherine keener ) has no pretensions about her career : she's a makeup artist , working for the eccentric fashion photographer blair ( marlo thomas ) and supermodel of the month , sahara ( bridgette wilson ) ."	0
"judging by the beginning , end , and a huge chunk of the middle , i might have been watching a special hallmark presentation too ."	0
our other surviving regulars have become estranged .	0
his latest piece of trash makes id4 look like a masterpiece of modern american cinema .	0
"then again , i've seen many a film in these art-house theatres in which patrons are rolling down the aisles with laughter , while all i see is a tiny bit of whimsy on the screen ."	0
you could do worse .	0
"everyone else talks really quietly though for some reason , as if because they're commenting on a scary movie that they need to stay as quiet as possible ."	0
"there are a lots of horror films scheduled for release this summer , including another "" alien "" sequel ."	0
"to be honest , i was more moved by the trailer than the film itself ( which isn't saying much ) ."	0
everything seemed possible .	0
not = surprising since michael bay is a child of that industry and has = actually managed to transpose his mtv skills to screen successfully .	0
blossom needs a doctor to patch up gunshot victims that would be problematic at a hospital .	0
"they're pleasant enough to watch , and heckerling gives us plenty of scenes establishing how nice they are and how nice their respective antagonists aren't ."	0
"it's not just because this is a brian depalma film , and since he's a great director and one who's films are always greeted with at least some fanfare ."	0
"apparently , yet another version of this story is being filmed under it's original title ."	0
i was moved in such a profoundly negative way that i was reminded of how cheap and phony a cinematic experience can be .	0
"mom is still working at the kitchen , doing the dishes ."	0
"oh yeah , and li's character is also an acupuncture expert who is able to ease pain and/or kill at the touch of a needle ."	0
"not as physically incapacitated as earl , jimmy is still able to perform his duties as the lovable host of a long-running quiz show which pits adults against children ."	0
there the news team under producer lowell bergman ( al pacino ) are ordering around the terrorists and getting away with it .	0
"the script belabors a red herring , early on , about a second suspect who may have committed the murders for which adam ( atkins ) is charged with ."	0
"director tsui hark ( who teamed with van damme in the superior , but still lame-brained double team ) is at the helm , and he would rather attempt to dazzle us with fantastic camera angles than engage us with the plot ."	0
"i've seen this movie already , i said , as i looked at the box art ."	0
you betcha .	0
"the premise of , "" the butcher boy , "" is one that could have very well been turned into a thought-provoking , disturbing motion picture , but somehow nothing works ."	0
it's just the rest of the movie-- the other hundred or so minutes-- that's pure nonsense .	0
alphabet isn't big enough anyway .	0
"perhaps worst of all , `down to you' is not funny ."	0
"_hope floats_ stars sandra bullock as birdy , who , after discovering her husband has been cheating on her with her best friend ( on national television no less ) , takes her daughter and drives back to her home , helmed by a countryish bumpkin eccentric played by gena rowlands , ( she decorates with stuffed wildlife ) ."	0
"it was a huge distraction , and an insult to my intelligence ."	0
and making the frame go still while flashing the character's name at the bottom .	0
"i'm gonna put all the plot in one paragraph : mr . freeze ( ah-nold ) , who's wife was dying of some disease , has become the new big villain these days ."	0
"unfortunately , that didn't happened , and when cannon finally went bankrupt at the end of the decade , behind it stood the huge pile of cinematic garbage , that would require at least few centuries before it reaches the camp appeal ."	0
"to its credit , dark city boasts two impressive bits of casting ."	0
and so it is .	0
not much could have really happened though .	0
the movie centers around a freaky teenager who's spent his entire life living in the cellar of his grandparents' house .	0
"after a series of missed opportunities , the comedic part of the movie is over , and it turns into a cheap and maudlin disease movie ."	0
"this can't be a serious horror movie , or can it ?"	0
"while the action is frantic , the military strategy , wildly illogical even by hollywood standards , grows tiresome quickly ."	0
""" now you listen to me , youngster ."	0
"and three , and this one surprised me the most , actor ted danson's cameo ( yes , he will always be sam malone to us real fans ! ) was the best part about this movie and actually made me see him as a different person ."	0
"summer movies are , by nature , dumb affairs that are usually made for some quick enjoyment and to make money ."	0
"in other words , just in case you missed the sarcasm , his acting is worse than normal ."	0
the remaining twin ( the french cop ) goes to the united states to find out who killed his brother and avenge his death .	0
the results are little different than one would expect .	0
so what did the writers choose to do ?	0
"koontz is a hack writer producing way too many thrillers for his own good , but he is still my favorite hack writer ."	0
"this movie tries to carry the day with sight gags about drinking distilled feces , a five-hundred-pound fat man's butt crack , and a barrage of sex jokes aimed at the level of the average 15 year old ."	0
she receives a sudden visit from her father which elicits flashbacks of some tragedy in her early childhood .	0
"the supporting cast do their best aswell , with rex linn as a doubting sheriff , and the other kidnappers ."	0
"it was almost laughable that nomi had the guts to claim that she's "" not a whore "" ."	0
kilmer is the driving force behind the coyotes' twenty-two conference championships and two state titles in thirty years ; this year he plans to make it twenty-three .	0
he travels to paris to join the royal musketeers and find the man that killed his parents .	0
he actually thinks wrestling fans are dumb enough to believe this is meant to be taken seriously .	0
"the thriller business itself is ridiculous -- it involves nasal spray bottles and drugs , and juergen prochnow as a surly doctor ."	0
"he and his buddies take it for a joyride to a small nearby town , where he proceeds to torment the locals simply because he's rich and they're not ."	0
"unfortunately , a lot of jet's fights are aided with computer effects that detract from his ability and precision ."	0
"stifler and finch are now caricatures while jim , oz and kevin are forced to make awkward self-discoveries at arbitrary moments , none of them betraying what the writers think the audiences want to see ."	0
"tend to dismiss film critics as heartless cynics for occasionally dumping on good-hearted films while praising "" filth "" like pulp fiction ."	0
i'm totally confused as to the way that some people are really enjoying this movie .	0
"there is no story , script , point or acting ."	0
maybe a giant hermit crab in the sequel .	0
"one of the recurring themes is found in a line donnie quotes : "" we may be done with the past , but the past is not done with us . """	0
"cruise is no james bond and looks more like a yuppie than a superhero in his stylish long hair and innocuous smile , as he tries to carry off this macho role , while thandie is not an action-film girl , and seems like a fish- out-of-water in this one ."	0
we feel bad for his mental/physical collapse but does he really need to kill everyone for plants ?	0
is this movie really about * any * of the crazed cabbie's theories ?	0
i wanted to appreciate this movie on the basis of its admittedly kinetic pace but i couldn't -- it was so kinetic it gave me a headache .	0
godzilla can out run torpedoes .	0
"burt reynolds could have been interesting as walter , the judge whose courtroom was befouled by a moronic jury of hockey fans ."	0
"frankly , i'd be embarrassed if i had directed this turkey , so i think i understand why the director might have picked the "" alan smithee "" moniker for this film ."	0
"there's a once-ever-5000-years alignment of planets coming up , and the illuminati have to find both halves of an ancient triangle that controls time in order to take over the world ."	0
"the plot involves two psychopath brothers , the older professional bank robber and killer seth gecko ( clooney ) and the perverted psychopath killer , richie ( tarantino ) , who kills for pleasure and is also a rapist ."	0
"well , welcome to the 90s , where a sorta suave hitman , also called the jackal ( bruce willis ) , trying to kill the head of the fbi . . . or"	0
a thriller ?	0
"the little intelligence that was left disappears as verhoven looses control and the film turns into an alien-rip-off , where caine is walking like a half finished terminator , spooking , scaring and killing everybody ."	0
"there's the massive police car pileup , although this time the gag falls completely flat ."	0
.	0
"they only end up breaking the comet into two pieces , which means even more destruction to the earth ."	0
willis has barely a chance to come alive ; ditto for affleck .	0
too .	0
sequels also used to be popular among directors and movie stars whose careers went south .	0
"apparently , a subplot involving a tryst between zeta-jones and taylor's characters was filmed but removed ."	0
"if i was to base my review totally on the plot then i wouldn't rate this movie too highly but that's just the thing this movie isn't just the plot , its the whole package and this package is really well done ."	0
"vampire's is a rude , chauvinistic movie where women are portrayed as pawns of abuse , present only to pleasure men , feed vampires , readied to be bashed or beaten - till one's sensibilities is shocked by the low iq and mentality of this regressive movie ."	0
there's something about duchovny that makes me uneasy .	0
"kurt russell and kathleen quinlan play couple jeff and amy taylor , taking the scenic route to california through redneck country ."	0
there are a few things that keep cool does right .	0
"from the opening sequence the film is in big trouble : squiggly , "" quirky "" credits , fake-looking passenger planes circling new york , and anne dudley's in-your-ear music making us wonder how she ever got that best original score nomination for "" the full monty , "" let alone won it ."	0
these were the same people who said they could control the alien and that their was no danger in their research .	0
"if you can't make it zany , cut it ! """	0
"if araki had any kind of competence in writing or direction , he'd show them for what they really are ."	0
broderick is invaluable to the government .	0
but this is where the good things end .	0
but this bachelor party has gone about as bad as it could possibly get .	0
"it's all up to jackson to stop it , and his only lead lies in vanity ( not his own ) ."	0
"and the beautiful vivica a . fox has one lifeless scene as a caring guidance counselor , and then williamson disposes of her character entirely ."	0
"it's not just the shot selection and editing ; the movie , quite frankly , makes no sense ."	0
why hire an actress ?	0
"the movie wants us to think , "" gee how clever and ironic - a guy who can kill without any moral implications , and yet he can't stand for anyone not to like him . """	0
do you :	0
virtually every aspect of dead-bang is inept and ineffective .	0
"but in that case i suggest that you rent a porn film in your local video store , and not waste time surviving through eszterhas' pathetic dialogue ."	0
"it reminded me a lot of grosse pointe blank , which is a similar film that fails in a lot of the same ways ."	0
"as luck would have it , nick's old girlfriend , audrey ( maria pitillo ) , is a reporter based at a new york tv station ."	0
not me .	0
"though the original film , released last year , was watchable enough , this insipid sequel had me looking at the theater's glowing red exit sign longingly throughout ."	0
there is no sense of comic timing or subtlety .	0
"these bright moments , however , appear long and far between , and the majority of the film deals with the budding relationship between nicky and gloria , which is both painfully predictable and by-the-numbers ."	0
"highway deaths of filmmaker alan j . pakula , songwriter harry chapin , and his own mother on exit 52 ."	0
) that rule doesn't apply here .	0
"and , if you're determined to see mercury rising , check out the morning sky in early may ."	0
"this law , called `double jeopardy' , could be her motive for hunting down her husband . . ."	0
""" se7en "" ) , but it takes a large measure of restraint ( schumacher has none ) and a larger amount of talent ( schumacher has little ) ."	0
"little elliott's flying bicycle , silhouetted by the moon in "" e . t . """	0
"although it grows tiresome , the reasoning with the unreasonable is a nice exercise in logic , and represents the differences in thinking between generations ."	0
"witherspoon has a truly beautiful face , but her character isn't the moral staple she's supposed to be : sure , she won't have sex until she's in love ( is this really a * moral * issue ? ) , but she does some things in the last few scenes that are more than a little reprehensible ."	0
"further more , there are other annoying problems ."	0
5 .	0
"they get more tickets , they lose those too ."	0
"the most popular , and most feared , clique at reagan high school have an unexpected dilemma ."	0
"the film moves at the pace of a snail , and is damn-near painful to watch ."	0
doesn't make sense .	0
"so , they stumble upon this big boat with lots of satellites on it , and decide to haul it back to russian waters ."	0
"geronimo : an american legend , like many movies made under the shadow of political correctness , try to tell the tale about oppressed minorities , but instead the real subject is the bad conscience of the oppressors ."	0
this just goes to show that hype kills .	0
"however , the buffoon prize goes to the atlanta police , who come off like the keystone kops on a bad day ."	0
the characters each have one trait that distinguishes them from the rest ; this obviously doesn't make for deep or interesting people to watch .	0
"these kinds of films are banged out quicker and a good percentage turn out worthless , sloppy and impersonal ."	0
"danny falls in love with rafe's girlfriend , evelyn ( beckinsale ) , but rafe survives and returns to confront his former friend ."	0
were we supposed to feel * sorry * for him just because he wore hearing aids ?	0
"they must delve through all of the unspoken army rules and the hush-hushes , to figure out the conspiracy behind the shocking murder ."	0
"kudrow , meanwhile , mostly just stands around , no doubt wondering why she agreed to appear in this film in the first place ."	0
"and by the period in the film he discovered that his newest target , beautiful , wealthy brandi web ( played nicely by whitfield ) who runs a successful real estate business , is out to kill him for dumping her for his childdhood friend mia ( king ) , i found myself thinking , "" i'm supposed to feel sorry for this guy ? """	0
"sure , katie holmes is cute , and her co-star , marisa coughlan , did a reasonably amusing impression of the exorcist ( worth two points out of my three on ten ) , but how can we forgive the biggest one-dimensional character in any film , holmes' rival in the film , mrs . tingle's complete unprofessionalism being let go by all others around her ( are teachers allowed to behave that way nowadays ? ) and a transparent romance between holmes and some long-haired dude , hired to be the poor man's version of skeet ulrich ( who himself is a poor man's version of johnny depp ! ) ."	0
"the movie attempts to weave a couple of love stories through its vision , but unfortunately , they are also lacking in conviction , believability and credibility ."	0
there was very little logical development in these characters .	0
"it's a trend he continues for two hours , taking the story's few virtues and slapping a coat of moron-proof obviousness over them ."	0
"the problem is the script , or more accurately , shakespeare's original text ."	0
the movie coasts from heartfelt moment to heartfelt moment like a zombie .	0
the actual plot revolves around the ridiculous story of a millionaire computer engineer -- the great sam rockwell -- who gets kidnapped by a mysterious rival computer company .	0
in mulholland drive i think he is having a laugh at the expense of the crime film genre .	0
eszterhas announced through the media during post-production that cinergi pictures didn't have the money to pay for soundtrack .	0
the actors are kevin beacon and elizabeth shue .	0
"suddenly , i had an out-of-body experience as my internal way-back machine swept me to the mid-1960s ."	0
"james frain is nick , rudy's cellmate , a manslaughterer who's found a pen pal in the gorgeous ashley mason ( charlize theron ) ."	0
sheesh .	0
looooooong drive ? fair or foul ? foul ball !	0
"veteran actor and director of this film sydney pollack , and critically acclaimed up-and-comer dylan baker both have cameo roles , but be careful not to blink too much or you will miss them both ."	0
the young troupe of performers involved fair moderately better .	0
"unfortunately , he buried it within an overlong and overreaching 3-hour long pseudo-epic ."	0
"poor kyle ( a meek looking jon favreau ) . . . he is about to marry his radiant fiancee , laura ( cameron diaz ) ."	0
